Sevendust
"Animosity In Orlando"
House of Blues
Lake Buena Vista(Orlando), FL
December 29, 2001

Source: 
CSB mics >Sharp MT-90 >Memorex minidiscs. 

Transfer: 
Minidisc masters >Sony MZ-E40 >MonsterAudio 1/8" stereo cable >Tascam DR-05X 
>44.1khz, 16bit wave >SanDisk 32gb microSD card >Audition 1.5 >wave >TLH >FLAC(level 8).

Taper:
dunebug 81

Transfer/Mastering:
kevdogg

Set/Track List:

Disc One
1. T.O.A.B. intro
2. T.O.A.B.
3. Denial
4. Terminator
5. Crucified
6. Rumble Fish
7. Redefine
8. Angel's Son

Disc Two
9. Black intro
10. Black
11. Trust
12. Too Close to Hate
13. Beautiful
14. Waffle
15. Praise
16. Bitch

Notes:
Openers were Virgos and Skrape. Some of the guys from Creed were in attendance and Elias from
Nonpoint joined on vocals for Angel's Son. Morgan plays Crucified solo before the rest of the band
kicks in. The intro to Black is pretty lengthy but that's how they did it back in those days. It was rad.
The first 11 songs of this recording were released about 23 years ago in mp3 form. This is the
complete and lossless show from the same source. The taper was liquidating his massive collection
of master discs and I was fortunate enough to grab these discs before they were scattered to the
winds and possibly never released. It's an excellent recording and so I'm pleased to finally have the
rest of the show and the quality upgrade. I gave it a much needed low-end boost in Audition but left
the rest of the frequencies as is. I think it turned out well. Total playback clears 84 minutes so I had to
make it a 2 disc deal. You get the classic 2 minute Black intro as it's own tack to begin disc 2. Plus the
track marks are in totally different spots now so just be rid of your existing copy. I've seen cover art for
the incomplete, lossy version but it's quite off. It features fonts and logos from Next and even has
Sonny Mayo on the cover. I proceeded to start over from scratch on that. So new cover art is included
in the torrent. I hope this reaches all the diehard 7d fans and perhaps inspires the release of more
unheard Sevendust tapes. Me and a few other dimers are currently trying to find a good copy of the
Pittsburgh show from 12/19/98. My copy has a burn issue and the last 2 tracks are ruined with static.
If you have it, please post it or contact me to arrange a private trade. I have an enormous amount of
7d masters to trade. Please continue to support the artists by attending their shows and buying official
merch and releases. Attend and record every show you can. Enjoy.
-kevdogg