Sevendust 
"The Big Friggin' Eve" 
House of Blues 
Lake Buena Vista(Orlando), FL 
December 31, 2007

Source: 
DPA-4061's >Sony MZ-RH10 >Sony Hi-MD minidisc. 

Transfer: 
Minidisc master >Sony MZ-NH600 >USB >Dell PC(via SonicStage)
>wave >Audition 1.5 >wave >TLH >FLAC(level 8). 

Taper: 
Dunebug81 

Transfer/Mastering: 
kevdogg 

Set/Track List:
Disc One
1. Face to Face
2. Crucified
3. Pieces
4. Denial
5. Happy New Year!
6. Terminator/ Prayer
7. Enemy
8. Ugly
9. Deathstar

Disc Two
10. Clueless
11. Waffle
12. Praise
13. Born to Die
14. Rumble Fish
15. Angel's Son
16. Beg to Differ
17. Black


Notes:
Once upon a time I smuggled my MZ-R50 into the Orlando House of Blues to tape yet another Sevendust NYE show.
When it was time to start recording, my screen just displayed a flashing “disc err”. I tried everything to get it working
again but it was hopeless. A few days later I finally took the plunge and dropped $400 on an Edirol R-09. Then many
years passed and I eventually gave up hope that another taper was there and would share their recording. Last year
I was pleased to learn Dunebug81 had successfully taped that show and happened to be doing away with his massive
collection of master discs. I was fortunate enough to get ahold of some of those discs before they fell into the hands of
hoarders. It took me over a year to find a "fair" price on a Hi-MD deck but it paid off. Now I'm going through the last of
those discs, which are all Hi-MD and finally getting these recordings into circulation. So here is a fine recording of
Sevendust doing their 7th NYE show in Orlando and the last one with Sonny Mayo in the band. This is also the only
time I've ever seen them do a Yes teaser (Owner of a Lonely Heart). I used Audition to make a minor e.q. adjustment,
cut into tracks and add fades at the beginning and end. Also made some cover art which features the Stainboy Reinel
screen print poster and pics from the show. If you have any unreleased 7d tapes, please consider sharing them with
the other 7d fans here on dime as a trade for these Dunebug81 recordings. Cover art is included in the torrent.
-kevdogg
