Sevendust
Chameleon Club
Lancaster, PA
October 5, 2008

Lineage:
Microtrack 2 w/ included Mics >Sandisc Extreme 8 gb flashcard
>Dell Desktop via usb >Audacity(tracks) >Mediafire file hosting
>Audition 1.5(clip restoration, 13 db boost, minor eq, re-tracked)
>FLAC(level 8).

Taper:
madmanpsu

Mastering:
kevdogg

Set/Track List:
Disc 1
1. intro/Inside
2. Alpha
3. lajon speaks
4. Enemy
5. My Ruin
6. Pieces
7. Clueless
8. Waffle
9. suffocate intro
10. Suffocate
11. Prodigal Son
12. Denial
13. Driven
14. Angels Son
15. Praise

Disc 2
16. Bitch
17. Face To Face

Taper's Notes:
The files there are the original wav, all I did was track them out.
Unfortunately, I do not have a bass roll off, so there is some low
end distortion. I am also pretty sure this is before I got my
Soundprofessional mics so the recording lineage would be Microtrack
2 with the included Mics, Sandisc Extreme 8 gig flashcard, Dell
Desktop via usb, track splitting in Audacity, Mediafire. I have no
experience editing and truthfully don't know if anything can be done
to this show to improve it or not. I have not listened to it in a
while, but I don't think it is terrible or unlistenable, just not
very good either.
-madmanpsu

Mastering Notes:
After recieving and listening to the raw version of this show I was
convinced there was nothing I could do to make a dramatic improvement
on it's sound. The low end was severly distorted and it carried over
most of the higher frequencies. After some unsuccessful experiments
I happened upon a noise reduction filter known as Clip Restoration.
I applied it over the entire wave in the 'Restore Heavily Clipped'
preset. After that I boosted the overall volume by 12 db and tweaked
the eq slightly to what I felt sounded best. I eliminated a great
deal of preshow music and preshow audience chatter. I also thought
the track marks would flow better if I moved them around a bit.
Lastly, I tried my best to make this a one-disc show but even with
minimal time before intro music and abrupt fade-out after the stage
noise is cut, it would still run to 82:01. Just too much data for a
single cd-r. So I placed everything up to and including the encore
break on disc 1 and their return to the stage and final 2 songs on
disc 2. Despite the quality setbacks here, I am really glad madmanpsu
has decided to share his recording with us. It's a given that there's
simply not enough audio documentation of Sevendust's live performances
in relation to how many shows they've played over the years. So send
him your thanks and consider helping out with sharing more Sevendust!
-kevdogg