Nine Inch Nails
April 19, 1994
Seattle, WA
Moore Theatre
Self Destruct Tour

http://www.reflectinginthechrome.com/shows/1994/19940419.html

Equipment: Sonic Studios + Sony TCD-D3
Taper: Ed Phernetton
Generation: DAT Clone
Lineage: Master DAT > DAT > Tascam DA-20 (16/48) > Co2 Converter > Optical In > iMac > Adobe Audition (Normalize to -0.1 db) > CDWAVE (track) > FLAC


Setlist:
Pinion
Terrible Lie
Sin
March of the Pigs
Something I Can Never Have
Closer
Reptile
Wish
Suck
The Only Time
Get Down Make Love
Down In It
Big Man With a Gun
Head Like a Hole
Dead Souls
Help Me I'm In Hell
Happiness in Slavery 

Notes:
This recording has been shared previously, but this is a proper transfer of this recording. The transfer before did some hard limiting to the tape when EQ'ing the transfer. With this transfer there was NO EQ'ing done. This is the raw file, only normalized to -.01 db. This tape is very good. The taper who did this recording also did the next night in Seattle as well. If anyone has any information on who the taper is (and with what exact mic/deck models) please let me know so I can create an accurate archive database for these NIN shows. Enjoy the tape!

This recording was transferred at 16/48, same as what the master DAT was recorded at for archival purposes. This cannot be burnt to CD, it must be converted to 16/44.

If you have any past recordings of Nine Inch Nails you would like to add to the live archive at http://www.reflectinginthechrome.com, or are taping any concerts in the future please get in contact with me at ryanj at reflectinginthechrome dot com!

NOTES ADDED ABOUT THIS TAPE THANKS TO ERIK:
"these were done by Ed Phernetton ,RIP....a legend in the Seattle area in the 90s also known as Living After Midnight digital in Goldmine..done with sonic studios mice and a sony TC d3 dat..he was a colorful but good dude..he tended to make CD's, and in fact purposely labeled a seattle show I think Portland in 94 to keep some of the heat off him at the moore theater...he didn't really like NIN, thought they were silly, but he  could sell em..He always got a good laugh at how Trent just threw keyboards all over because they were not being played live, just on MIDI...now Tori amos or U2, that was an entirely different story for Ed. He also rarely did "digital" clones, rather ran the DAT into a BBE and EQ and then back out to DAT to make it sound crisper and refined"