Nine Inch Nails
January 22, 1991
Washington, D.C., 9:30 Club (10 pm show)
Sin Tour

http://www.ninlive.com/shows/1991/19910122.html
http://dclibrary.org/
http://dclibrary.org/punk

Source: In House video feed + soundboard audio
Taper: Teresa Stubs
Gen: Master 3/4” tape > DCPL Transfer > mp4 
Transferred By: George Blood, Philadelphia, AV Archival Preservation

Setlist:
Terrible Lie
Sin
Something I Can Never Have
Sanctified
That's What I Get
Suck
The Only Time
Get Down Make Love
Ringfinger
Down In It
Head Like a Hole 

Notes:
What can I say? This may be my absolute favorite addition to the Nine Inch Nails live archive to this date! The story about these tapes all started when a NIN fan sent me a link to an article in the Washington Post about a woman who had just donated a bunch of tapes to the DC Public Library and their DC Punk Archive. Her name is Teresa Stubs and because the old 9:30 club had some bad vantage points, she climbed up into this camera pod in the rafters of the club and filmed for the in-house feed almost every night! You can read the article here: https://www.washingtonpost.com/local/video-killed-the-radio-star-but-it-enlivened-the-old-930-club/2016/01/11/2a3824a6-b7d4-11e5-99f3-184bc379b12d_story.html

As she stated, most of the nights, they were just passed through an empty deck to the monitors without recording. But some nights, she would ask the band if it was ok to record the show onto 3/4” tape as long as she provided a 1/2” tape for the band after the show. You can read below an email from Teresa to me about taping at 9:30 Club and NIN in particular. I assume the first time she was speaking of in her email was the 10/22/1989 show when NIN went out to support ‘Pretty Hate Machine.’

Anyways, once I had read the article and saw that NIN had been recorded I immediately got on the horn and started emailing everyone! The journalist and then the DCPL. Both parties emailed me back quickly and were very excited I enquired about the recordings. To make a long story short, after a few email exchanges, I was able to get the mp4 transfers of the two recordings that they had in their possession! The first one was the 07/11/1990 show that you actually see on NIN’s vimeo page here: https://vimeo.com/17042945 As Teresa stated, if she could record the show on 3/4” for her own collection, she would give the band a 1/2” tape. So to imply, NIN got the tape from Teresa on 1/2” and her master tape’s audio drops out during ‘Sanctified’ so that is probably the same for NIN’s copy, as the video on NIN’s vimeo page stops after ‘SICNH.’

The video you see here is from the January 22nd, 1991 show that started at 10pm. NIN also played later that evening (officially January 23rd) at 1am. During ‘Head Like a Hole’ Trent says, “no more fucking around, get off your asses, we’ve got one more to play and then another show after. Sadly, this video is not in the pristine video quality as the 07/11/1990 show. “There is a lot of warping at the beginning of the video and the picture is not as clear. But, besides that, the shot is actually incredible!!! You have to remember, that there is little to no recordings (especially soundboards) from the early tours. To have something in this quality leaves me speechless! This audio is also full stereo soundboard! Something that we have not gotten from an early NIN tour. The Dallas Video Bar recording is in mono. Also, since we have the Video Bar in house feed, we can imply that NIN had asked venues for copies of their in house feeds if they were available. So, possibly, there are more of these out there! The quality of the audio is amazing, with a few spots of warping and pops (mostly during Terrible Lie and Sin). I am wondering if that we were able to borrow the master tapes and transfer them with high-end professional transfer gear, if we could make the quality better. 

I can’t thank Teresa Stubs (for taping and donating this footage to DCPL), DCPL (Michele Castro) and the DC Punk Archive enough for allowing me to obtain this footage for the Nine Inch Nails archive. Like I said, this is one of the coolest pieces I have received for it! I hope that you will enjoy the recording as much as I did watching it and preparing it for the archive. 

If you have any past recordings of Nine Inch Nails you would like to add to the live archive at http://www.ninlive.com, please get in contact with me at ryanj at reflectinginthechrome dot com!


————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————
Notes from Teresa Stubs (camera operator):

The original 9:30 club at 930 F St was a small “L” shaped venue with additional obstructed views of the stage. The video chair or “crows nest” was actually mounted to one of these obstructions, a pole in the middle of the floor directly in front of the stage. There was single camera person who sat  above the crowd in the “crows nest”. The video signal emanated from a single tube panasonic prosumer video camera which was upgraded to a single chip camera in the 90’s. The house Monitors were fed from the this single vantage point which was the best seat in the house just above center stage. During the 80’s and 90’s far too many unforgettable performances were not documented permanently on tape. The record decks were in the DJ booth which was across the main room from the “crows nest”. In order to record a show the DJ needed to load a 3/4 inch tape into the deck and press Play and Record. Most nites just the record button on the empty 3/4 inch deck was engaged to fed the house monitors.

Just about everyone who worked at the club was a mad fan and excited about the first NIN headlining gig at the club.  I asked Trent and his manager if I could record a 3/4 copy for myself and I would give them a 1/2 inch copy. After the show Trent’s manager and I were bristling with excitement because NIN’s performance was transcendent and the sound and lighting were gorgeous. Sadly the DJ informed us that he did not record the show. I recall that being one of the best shows I ever shot. Recently it has come to my attention that occasionally a VHS tape may have been recorded.  I am practicing a bit of magical thinking around that unforgettable Pretty Hate Machine performance that got away. Maybe, just maybe a pristine 1/2 inch recording will surface someday.....

I think the MP4 of the performance from Michele of the Punk archive is from the second NIN tour. When I had the rare opportunity to document a band at the old club, I always provided a gratis 1/2 copy of the show. This was in exchange for allowing me to record a 3/4 inch copy for my reel....not for personal profit. The second time I shot NIN I gave the DJ two tapes.  One of the used tape was not rewound or had mechanical issues so that is why there are two tapes and a partial recording of that show. 

I really want to check out your site soon. I love that you have created this archive. When I was looking thru the tapes before the donation to the library, it felt so great to experience that performance again, it was still as fresh and exciting as it was pre-millennium....it completely held up!

And as cool as it is to have that show, for me, that night's lighting and my camera works was not as good as that first gig that got away......

Who knows maybe it will turn up...If you can track down Jared Hendrickson who was the DJ that night...you never know.....perhaps it was recorded on VHS.

Oct 30, 1988 - Washington DC, 9:30 Club (support for Skinny Puppy)
Oct 22, 1989 - Washington, DC, 9:30 Club
July 11, 1990 - Washington, DC, 9:30 Club
Jan 22, 1991 - Washington, D.C., 9:30 Club (10 pm show)
Jan 23, 1991 - Washington, D.C., 9:30 Club (1 am show)