David Bowie
LAST STAND IN BIG D
Dallas, Tx
October 13, 1995
Starplex Amphitheater
Sony ECM 959A>Sony TCD7>Sony CDRW66>CDR>EAC>FLAC
Taper: V4TX
Disc 1
1. Scary Monsters -and super creeps-*
2. Reptile*
3. Hallo Spaceboy*
4. Hurt*
5. Look Back In Anger
6. Heart's Filthy Lesson
7. The Voyeur Of Utter Destruction-as beauty-
8. I Have Not Been To Oxford Town
9. fade out
Disc 2
1. disc 1 overlap
2. Outside
3. Andy Warhol
4. Breaking Glass
5. The Man Who Sold The World
6. We Prick You
7. I'm Deranged
8. Joe The Lion
9. Nite Flight w/introductions
10. Under Pressure
11. Teenage Wildlife
*w/NIN
Transfer January 2016
Not a bad recording of what looks like an uncirculated show.  There are a multitude of reasons why this show was never transferred over 20 years ago.  For one, in the pre addicted to internet days, I was unaware how the band transision was to be handled so I missed  Subterraneans.  My friend and I tried to watch NIN, but my seats were really close to the stacks and we could not handle the volume, and frankly their music did nothing for us.  While sitting around the concession stands I suddenly hear a familiar melody, and I turn to my friend and say, "We have to get to our seats now."  I frantically work to get my gear going.  There are sound fluctuations, volume fluctuations, digital artifacts as the old D7 needed some work and had yet to receive it.  While the instrumentation is clear, David's vocals could be more up front.  The 959A was/is a great microphone, it just wasn't built for stealth recording.  I'm not sure how I had it situated, but less than a month later I was using the "taped sticking out of a modified shirt pocket", at a Dylan show, so I'm sure some variation of that was used.  I do remember moving even closer than I was initially late in the show.  The other memory I have of the show was that about 75% of the audience left after they realized NIN was finished.  How many of those people now tell their friends they saw Bowie?  This was David's last show in Dallas, hence the title.  I guess after a decade of Dallas stops that resulted in a false rape/AIDS charge, playing to 500 people with Tin Machine, and seeing the majority of your audience flee like rats off a sinking ship, he said the hell with us.  Can't blame him.  This transfer includes every sound recorded that night.  Tracks done on the fly so they are not perfect.  Enjoy.


