Nine Inch Nails

January 24, 1991
New York City, NY
The Academy 

Trent Reznor: Vocals, guitar 
Richard Patrick: Guitar, backing vocals 
Jeff Ward: Drums 
David Haymes(?): Keyboards, backing vocals

Setlist:

01 Terrible Lie
02 Sin [near end of Sin, Trent climbs into the crowd and is helped up by 2 roadies.]
03 Something I Can Never Have
04 Sanctified
05 That's What I Get
06 Suck (2 sec gap in audio at 1:17, VHS tape problem)
07 The Only Time
08 Get Down Make Love
09 Ringfinger (with special guests)
10 Down In It
11 Head Like a Hole (with special guests)

Special guests are introduced at the start of Ringfinger
I'm not sure who the special guest on guitar is during Head Like a Hole.  
The opening bands should have been Chemlab and Meat Beat Manifesto.

There are 2 versions of this video recording.  
The first is the more common circulating DVD, which is incomplete at 35 minutes, missing the last 4 songs.
The second is this VHS tape and now DVD which is complete, except for the first 11 seconds.  This version
is a higher generation copy and has more artifacts like horizontal bars.  However, the show gets interesting 
at the end as the stage gets crowded with guests.  It's this last part of the footage that has been so rare.
This VHS tape came with the Dec 9, 1989 NJ Pipeline show which already has a better copy in circulation.
I converted the VHS to DVD with a Sony VCR/DVD recorder.  

I also ripped lossy audio and cleaned it up a bit. It proved impossible to sync up the video to the cleaner 
audio so I am torrenting it separately.


VHS --> Sound Forge --> WAV Goldwave --> hiss reduction --> dbPoweramp --> FLAC

note: The first 11 seconds are an audio patch from the DVD and therefore mp3 sourced.
  
Trent has band-aids on his right arm in the front picture of the VHS case.
The tape makers (SDI Productions) actually put a warning about copyright infringement on the back!

Special thanks to RICHKEW at ETS for sending me this tape!

http://www.gladcarrot.com/1990_Hate_1991_Sin.htm#1991-01-24

Need old bootlegs converted???
Anyone else have old bootlegs on cassette, VHS, or minidisc you would like converted to a digital format?  
Please PM me if so.  I've torrented upgrades of a few cassette recordings here too.

  

