Nine Inch Nails
May 14, 1994
New York, NY
Roseland Ballroom
Self Destruct Tour

https://ninlive.com/shows/1994/19940514.html

Master DAT
Taper: GP
Equipment: Unknown DAT + Unknown Mic
Transfer: DAT Master > Tascam DA-20 > Coax > Marantz PMD-371 (16/48) > WAV > Audition (normalize to -0.1db) > Fisson (track) > xACT > FLAC

Setlist:
Pinion
Terrible Lie
Sin [fades out]
March of the Pigs (not recorded)
Something I Can Never Have [fades in]
Closer
Reptile
Wish
Suck
The Only Time
Get Down Make Love
Down In It
Big Man With a Gun
Head Like a Hole
Dead Souls
Help Me I'm In Hell
Happiness in Slavery

Notes:
This is a huge addition to the archive. This tape would have been lost forever if it hadn't been for elegymart and stonecutter for going saving this from the trash. Big thank you to them for taking this tape and sending it to me. GP taped a lot of shows in the 80-90s and many of them are unplayed. I assume this tape hadn't been played since being recorded.

This tape sounds really good. Seems like GP had some issues throughout the night on the rough floor judging by the conversations you can hear in-between songs. The mics get bumped a few times throughout the night, causing drop outs. Notably during Terrible Lie, Wish and Suck. The levels fluctuate throughout the recording as well, which I tried my best to normalize. I believe the recorder gets bumped during Sin and the levels go to zero as the tape kept recording and misses about 8 minutes. The levels were then checked during Something I Can Never Have and the music comes back. This recording was taped on the lower side, so you may hear some of the noise floor from the DAT recorder during the quiet parts of the set. Otherwise, this is the best sounding tape from this show! Sad to have it incomplete.

Once I get an update from GP about what they potentially used for recording, I will add it to the show's archive page. Still amazing to see older shows being unearthed like this almost 30 years later. 

If you have any recordings that you would like to contribute to the NIN Live Archive, please get in contact at info@ninlive.com Thank you.