NINE INCH NAILS / DAVID BOWIE

WE PRICK YOU

Shoreline Ampitheatre, Mountain View, CA. 10/21/95

Setlist:

Disc 1

Prick set

1.Outside (literaly, outside the ampitheatre)
2.Communique (McMahon)
3.Riverhead (McMahon)
4.Other People (McMahon)
5.I Got it Bad (McMahon)
6.Animal (McMahon)
7.Tough (McMahon)

Nine Inch Nails set

8.Terrible Lies (Reznor)
9.March of the Pigs (Reznor)
10.The Becoming (Reznor)
11.Sanctified (Reznor)
12.Piggy (Reznor)
13.Closer (Reznor)
14.Wish (Reznor)
15.Gave up (Reznor)
16.Down in it (Reznor)
17.Eraser (Instrumental version-Reznor)


Disc 2

Nine Inch Nails / Bowie set

1.Subterraneans (Bowie)
2.Scary Monsters (Bowie)
3.Reptile (Reznor)
4.Hallo Spaceboy (Bowie-Eno)
5.Hurt (Reznor)

Bowie set

6.Look Back in Anger (Bowie-Eno)

the good:

to Quote a couple of people who witnessed an outside gig.

"In 1995 Trent Reznor got the chance to co-headline with his idol David Bowie on what was called the "Outside Tour". Nine Inch Nails played their set, then was accompanied with Bowie for about 4 songs. NIN left the stage and Bowie finished off the night with his set. I remember hearing the beginning sounds of Subterraneans and seeing Trent Reznor emerge from the back of the stage playing the saxophone. Bowie walked up to the mic and the audiance went crazy. It truly was a once in a lifetime show. Two greats on stage together.

The highlight of the whole thing was the opening band, Prick. I still love their only album."

(quoted from http://www.yourstandardlife.com/2006/04/nine_inch_nails_david_bowie.html)

Lineage:

VHS tape i bought years ago of unknown generation > Philips stand alone cdr burner > soundforge > Flac level 8 > you.

the bad:

Like i said "unknown generation source tape". it was taped with a camcorder off the main screen, so, what you hear is what you get (see samples)-also, again being an early effort, i mastered it at a high polarity, so clipping is present throughout.

this was posted in response to a request for PRICK from the Outside tour.this is the second request since i've been a DIME member, and i've yet to see a post. (though i may have missed one).this is all i've got folks, so if you got metal in your eardrums, then "come and buy my toys".

artwork included.


