Nine Inch Nails
June, 26, 1990
Dallas, TX
The Video Bar

http://www.reflectinginthechrome.com/shows/1990/19900626.html

Hammer Hard Silver CD > EAC > FLAC

Source:[Soundboard] - Silver CD "Hammer Hard"
Label: Home Records

Setlist:
Terrible Lie
Sin
Something I Can Never Have
Sanctified
That's What I Get
Suck
The Only Time
Get Down Make Love
Down In It
Head Like a Hole 
  

Notes:
This is the only soundboard available from 1990 and notably the earliest soundboard recording of NIN. This is from the silver CD's "Hammar Hard." There is some hiss in the recording. I am guessing because this audio source is ripped from the Pro-Shot video that they did this night as well. I bet if you got this from the actual DAT/Cassette soundboard master it will sound flawless. Another note is that many list this as being the Detroit, St. Andrews Hall show in July of 1990. This is not true and its mislabeled. But nonetheless this is an essential tape to own if you are a NIN fan. Highlighted on RITC's NIN Recording of the Week. 

Here is some information on how this recording came about, thanks to Frame313:

"The Video Bar was set up with a basic camera rig, so that they could show the acts on close-circuit TV and so that some of the footage could be used on their cable access show, VideoBah Television. This show happened shortly before the club closed, and the reason Trent mentions it being so hot is because the air-conditioning unit had been stolen off the roof. I think it was over 100 degrees inside, I know that I was so exhausted by the heat that I could barely stand for the show once NIN came on (after one of their notoriously long set-ups). The story I heard about how the tape got circulated was this: Shortly after the club closed, one of the people who was part of the staff sold off some of the masters of shows there, including this set. The show was duped off (very professionally) and sold in your typical notorious mom and pop record stores in the DFW area, where it then leaked to a wider audience."

