Nine Inch Nails
October 24, 1995
Seattle, WA
Tacoma Dome
Outside Tour
16-Bit Version

http://www.reflectinginthechrome.com/shows/1995/19951024.html

Equipment: Unknown
Taper: Unknown
Generation: 2nd Gen cassette
Lineage: Master Cassette > Cass. > Cass. > Nakamichi CR-3A > Sony PCM-M10 (24/48) > Adobe Audition (Normalize to -0.1 db, Convert to 16/44) > CDWAVE (track) > FLAC

Setlist:
Terrible Lie
March of the Pigs
The Becoming
Sanctified
Piggy (Nothing Can Stop Me Now)
Burn
Closer to God
Wish
Gave Up
Down In It (Tape Flip)
Eraser
Subterraneans
Scary Monsters
Reptile
Hallo Spaceboy
Hurt 

Notes:
Big thanks to Smores for sending me over all of his Nine Inch Nails cassette tapes! A lot of fantastic gems like this one are in the lot! First time I have seen the NIN set from the Seattle show. This is from a 2nd gen cassette tape. The tape itself is good, just to note that "Terrible Lie" fades in and the tape flip comes during "Down In It." If anyone has any information on who recorded this tape, and with what, please get in contact! Always looking for more 1995 NIN/Bowie shows. This is only NIN's set, as that is all that was on the tape.

This is the 16 bit version. This can be burned straight to CD. If you would like the 24-bit version, you can find it on DIME or on the NIN Drive. Also must note that none of the 1995 recordings include Bowie's set on them. Just the NIN portion as we are not sure on Bowie's stance with audio recordings.

If you have any past recordings of Nine Inch Nails you would like to add to the live archive at http://www.reflectinginthechrome.com, or are taping any concerts in the future please get in contact with me at ryanj at reflectinginthechrome dot com!

This show is another from the collection of Smores who is working to get many old shows transferred and uploaded for others to enjoy. Some of these shows are seeing the light of day after all of these years- some for the first time since they were taped!
He is currently searching for ANY:
Warrior Soul
Saigon Kick
Tegan and Sara
Filter
Porno For Pyros
Rose Tattoo
Wildhearts
Sinead O'Connor
Veruca Salt
or Antigone Rising shows.
He is also trying to track down leads to UNCIRCULATED Foo Fighters, UFO or Nine Inch Nails MASTERS.
Please contact him on DIME if you can help. Thanks.