Nine Inch Nails
February 11, 1995
Dallas, TX, 
Fair Park Coliseum

https://ninlive.com/shows/1995/19950211.html

Equipment: Sonic Studio DSM-6 + HHB PortaDAT
Tapers: Eric Britt + rocksuitcase
Lineage: DAT Master > Sony DTC 690 > Sony ES890 cassette 1995; Nalamichi LX-5 > Sonic AD2K > Marantz PMD661@24.48|SD > Audition (Normalize to -0.1db, Convert to 16/48) > WAV > xACT > FLAC

Setlist:
Pinion
Mr. Self Destruct
Sin
March of the Pigs
Piggy
Reptile
Gave Up
Happiness in Slavery
Eraser
Hurt
The Downward Spiral
Wish
Suck
The Only Time
Down In It
Head Like a Hole
Closer
Dead Souls
I Do Not Want This
Something I Can Never Have

Notes:
I had posted pictures of the NIN Live HQ bunker on a concert taper forum, as I knew others would appreciate seeing the organized chaos down there. Rocksuitcase messaged saying that they had taped Dallas 1995 at some point and they would look for their DAT master. Needless to say, I was excited and waited patiently. Few days later, it was located! 

At the time, they were friends with the lighting director and they brought them in to the soundboard cage. His friend EB ran the recording at the front right of the cage and by the sound of it, this is an exceptional tape! This is a 1st gen copy of the DAT that was dubbed to cassette in 1995. There is a tape flip between Hurt and The Downward Spiral, but no missing pieces of sound.. Then the recording stops during the encore break between HLAH and Closer to what I assume was to preserve tape. Lastly, after Closer there were some equipment issues and I believe EB paused the tape because he thought it may be a prolonged pause to fix some equipment. Only to abruptly start during the first few notes of Dead Souls. Something I Can Never Have is incomplete, missing the last quarter bit of the song. Rocksuitcase said they would check for the last bit of the tape. But even if this is it, it's about 99% of the show. The cassette was transferred at 24/48, but due to this being from a DAT. I have converted it to 16/48, as there would not be any quality upgrade with the higher bit/sample rate. 

This show was filmed for a pro-shot release that was scrapped but some of the footage was used for NIN's 'Closure' video release. The other date that was filmed/recorded was the show before in Omaha, Nebraska. Although only one song has been released from the Nebraska show, we can figure out what audio was used for each of the songs on the scrapped pro-shot video that was leaked two years ago. Although I haven't analyzed it deeply yet, it seems like most of the audio came from the Omaha show. 

Not only did this show surface, but talking to a taper friend of rocksuitcase it seems that there is a Denver 1995 DAT master done by a friend that has not been released. I hope to get that in the coming days. Really really cool to find stuff like this and it goes to show you that there are tapes that still need to be unearthed. If you have any NIN tapes sitting around, please get in contact. I am always looking to add more recordings to the archive to preserve for many years to come. Thank you again for rocksuitcase to take the time to dig through his archives and find this tape. I have been jamming it since he gave it to me!

If you have unreleased Nine Inch Nails recordings, please visit me (Ryan) at NINLive.com.
If you have unreleased Rage Against the Machine recordings, please visit TJ at RATM.Live.
If you have unreleased Linkin Park recordings, please visit Mark at LPLive.net.
If you have unreleased Depeche Mode recordings, please visit Matt @ dmlive.wiki 