Nine Inch Nails
July 11, 1990
Washington, DC
9:30 Club

http://www.ninlive.com/shows/1990/19900711.html
http://dclibrary.org/
http://dclibrary.org/punk

Source: In House video feed + soundboard audio
Taper: Teresa Stubs
Gen: Master 3/4” tape > DCPL Transfer > mp4 

Setlist:
Terrible Lie
Sin
Something I Can Never Have
Sanctified *Audio Cuts Out*


Notes:
What can I say? This may be my absolute favorite addition to the Nine Inch Nails live archive to this date! The story about these tapes all started when a NIN fan sent me a link to an article in the Washington Post about a woman who had just donated a bunch of tapes to the DC Public Library and their DC Punk Archive. Her name is Teresa Stubs and because the old 9:30 club had some bad vantage points, she climbed up into this camera pod in the rafters of the club and filmed for the in-house feed almost every night! You can read the article here: https://www.washingtonpost.com/local/video-killed-the-radio-star-but-it-enlivened-the-old-930-club/2016/01/11/2a3824a6-b7d4-11e5-99f3-184bc379b12d_story.html

As she stated, most of the nights, they were just passed through an empty deck to the monitors without recording. But some nights, she would ask the band if it was ok to record the show onto 3/4” tape as long as she provided a 1/2” tape for the band after the show. You can read below an email from Teresa to me about taping at 9:30 Club and NIN in particular. I assume the first time she was speaking of in her email was the 10/22/1989 show when NIN went out to support ‘Pretty Hate Machine.’

Anyways, once I had read the article and saw that NIN had been recorded I immediately got on the horn and started emailing everyone! The journalist and then the DCPL. Both parties emailed me back quickly and were very excited I enquired about the recordings. To make a long story short, after a few email exchanges, I was able to get the mp4 transfers of the two recordings that they had in their possession! The first one was the 07/11/1990 show that you actually see on NIN’s vimeo page here: https://vimeo.com/17042945 As Teresa stated, if she could record the show on 3/4” for her own collection, she would give the band a 1/2” tape. So to imply, NIN got the tape from Teresa on 1/2” and her master tape’s audio drops out during ‘Sanctified’ so that is probably the same for NIN’s copy, as the video on NIN’s vimeo page stops after ‘SICNH.’

The video you see here is from that same footage from the NIN Pretty Hate Machine website. I am not sure where the nin camp got it from. But I doubt from the master tape. Or they did way back when if Teresa gave them a tape afterwards? Not too sure until I can ask the band. List of things I would want to ask. ha! Sadly, just like in the recording on the website, it’s really only salvageable until Sanctified for soundboard audio. But the video is pristine, as I stated before. Just no audio, sadly.

I can’t thank Teresa Stubs (for taping and donating this footage to DCPL), DCPL (Michele Castro) and the DC Punk Archive enough for allowing me to obtain this footage for the Nine Inch Nails archive. Like I said, this is one of the coolest pieces attained for it! I hope that you will enjoy the recording as much as I did watching it and preparing it for the archive. 

If you have any past recordings of Nine Inch Nails you would like to add to the live archive at http://www.ninlive.com, please get in contact with me at ryanj at reflectinginthechrome dot com!


————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————
Notes from Teresa Stubs (camera operator):

The cameras fed the house with video because there was obstructed views in the small venue. It was rarely documented permanently on tape. In order to record a show the DJ needed to load a 3/4 tape and press Play and record, two buttons on the 3/4 inch deck rather than just the record button with an empty deck which acted as a pass thru to the monitors without recording.  

Just about everyone who worked at the club was a mad fan and excited about the first NIN gig at the club. I have no idea what the date was of that first gig at the 930 club.  I asked Trent and this manager if I could record a 3/4 copy and I would give them a 1/2 inch copy. After the show the manager and I were bristling with excitement because the NIN performance was transcendent and the sound and lighting were gorgeous. Sadly the DJ informed us that he did not record the show. I recall that being one of the best shows I ever shot. Recently it has come to my attention that sometimes the DJ's were recording a VHS 1/2 copy of the shows. I still hope that somehow that first show was recored by the DJ that nite on VHS and that it turns up someday. 

The performance that you have from Michele was from the second time NIN played the 930 club. When I had the rare opportunity to document a band at the old club, I always provided a gratis 1/2 copy of the show to the band in exchange for allowing me record a 3/4 inch copy of the show for my reel....not for personal profit. that night I gave the DJ extra tapes in case the show ran over and I think that one of the used tape was not rewound or had mechanical issues so that is why there are two tapes and a partial recording of that show. I don't now the date of that show either.

I am still struggling to save my neighborhood Urban forest from the Utility company and so will probably not get back to you very quickly until this is turned around..which may or may not take up a lot more of my time...at least thru the end of May. 

I really want to check out your site soon. I love that you have created this archive. When I was looking thru the tapes before the donation to the library, it felt so great to see that performance again, it was still as  fresh and exciting as it was pre millennium....it completely held up!

And as cool as it is to have that show, for me, that night's lighting and my camera works was not as good as that first gig that got away......

Who knows maybe it will turn up...If you can track down Jared Hendrickson who was the DJ that night...you never know.....perhaps it was recorded on VHS.

Oct 30, 1988 - Washington DC, 9:30 Club (support for Skinny Puppy)
Oct 22, 1989 - Washington, DC, 9:30 Club
July 11, 1990 - Washington, DC, 9:30 Club
Jan 22, 1991 - Washington, D.C., 9:30 Club (10 pm show)
Jan 23, 1991 - Washington, D.C., 9:30 Club (1 am show)