Nine Inch Nails
December 29, 1994
Dayton, OH
Hara Arena
Further Down The Spiral Tour
16 Bit Version

http://www.reflectinginthechrome.com/shows/1994/19941229.html

Equipment: Radio Shack Stereo Mic + Sony TCD-D7
Taper: Jerry B. aka "The Govner"
Generation: 1st Gen cassette
Lineage: Master DAT > Cass. > Nakamichi CR-3A > Sony PCM-M10 (24/48) > Adobe Audition (Normalize to -0.1 db, Convert to 16/44) > CDWAVE (track) > FLAC

Setlist:
Pinion
Mr. Self Destruct
Sin
March of the Pigs
Piggy
Reptile
Gave Up
Happiness In Slavery
Eraser
Hurt
The Downward Spiral
Wish
Suck
The Only Time
Down In It
Head Like a Hole
Closer
Dead Souls
Something I Can Never Have


Notes:
This is the same source as the one that is on the silver CD, "Homeboy Reznor." But this is the first time (at least for me) that I have seen a full recording. There was no confirmation that they played an encore this night. The silver CD ends at "Head Like a Hole" and is missing the encore completely. This comes from a 1st gen tape. Big thanks to smores for lending me the tapes. In terms of sound, I think the quality is better than the Silver CD! Very good recording. 

This is the 16 bit version. This can be burned straight to CD. If you would like the 24/48 version, you can find it on DIME or the NIN Drive. 

If you have any past recordings of Nine Inch Nails you would like to add to the live archive at http://www.reflectinginthechrome.com, or are taping any concerts in the future please get in contact with me at ryanj at reflectinginthechrome dot com!

This show is another from the collection of Smores who is working to get many old shows transferred and uploaded for others to enjoy. Some of these shows are seeing the light of day after all of these years- some for the first time since they were taped!
He is currently searching for ANY:
Warrior Soul
Saigon Kick
Tegan and Sara
Filter
Porno For Pyros
Rose Tattoo
Wildhearts
Sinead O'Connor
Veruca Salt
or Antigone Rising shows.
He is also trying to track down leads to UNCIRCULATED Foo Fighters, UFO or Nine Inch Nails MASTERS.
Please contact him on DIME if you can help. Thanks.