09/14/1995

01. Terrible Lie
02. MOTP
03. The Becoming
04. Sanctified
05. Piggy (NCSMN)
06. Piggy (NCSMN)
07. Burn
08. Closer To God
09. Wish
10. Gave Up
11. Down In It
12. Eraser (Instrumental)
13. Subterraneans
14. Scary Monsters
15. Reptile
16. Halo Spaceboy
17. Hurt

What goes around comes around, INDEED!  I think I can resolve some of the mystery here...all shall be revealed!!

The first part of the tape is indeed a rehearsal and the tape is likely sourced from my master - lineage as follows:

Handheld "sawed-off Nak-700's" (3rd or 4th row ctr) -> Sony D-7 -> CDR  

Here's the deal.  I had an acquaintance that worked at WHCN at the time and I "won" tix to go to the rehearsal - as a promotion - along with about 30 other HCN listeners.  We sat in an, otherwise, empty Meadows Music Amphitheater in Hartford for the first part of the rehearsal.  Essentially, NIN, NIN & Bowie and the beginning of Bowie, at which point we were ushered out.  End of first nite.

Had tix for and went to the tour opener a couple nites later, primarily to see NIN, with a co-worker I had met recently who was into them.  After the NIN/Bowie portion I got a better offer from my companion.  Chose between conflicting priorities and the "better offer" won out - as neither of us were big fans of Bowie.  No regrets either...to this day!  Lineage is the same as above for this portion except location.  I was in my favorite taping location in the "shine" or "sweet spot" on the lawn for the show --- ~20 ft up the lawn dead center between the two central lawn stacks and right in from of the center video monitor.  All of my Meadows shows are taped from essentially this same spot as I have always found the amphitheater to be a little "boomy" for my liking.

A week later WMRQ sponsored a show at the Meadows - BIG DAY OFF - at which I traded CD's of the NIN rehearsal and show from the previous week - with another station DJ - for a VIP pass into the show.  The source of this torrent is probably those CD's as there weren't many in my trading circle at the time that were into Trent.  

Now keep in mind that these were the days before serious computer-based editing tools were available for the unwashed masses.  I should probably dust these masters off at some point and re-master it for distribution.  I'll have to dig out the DATs!  

Now of course this may all be a big coincidence but I gotta believe that 1) I was the only audience member that captured the rehearsal and 2) I can assure you I had better things to do than stick around for Bowie IMHO!

peace,
gOrdO
9/16/09