Nine Inch Nails
December 01, 1994
Toronto, Ontario
Maple Leaf Gardens

http://www.reflectinginthechrome.com/shows/1994/19941201.html

Source:  Sony TCD-D7 + Sony ECM-909A
Taper: AG
Transfer:  DAT M -->  Type II Cassette (AU1) --> Nakamichi Cassette Deck 1.5 (3 head) --> Pioneer PDR-509 --> CDR --> Audition (normalize to -.01 db, change speed by -2.2) --> CDWAV (Track) --> FLAC Frontend --> FLAC 8   
Length:  98m

Setlist:
Pinion
Mr. Self Destruct
Sin
March of the Pigs
Piggy
Reptile
Gave Up
Happiness in Slavery
Eraser
Hurt
The Downward Spiral
Wish
Suck
The Only Time
Down In It
Head Like a Hole
Closer
Dead Souls
Something I Can Never Have 

Notes:
A good recording. This is a first generation cassette copy from the DAT master. Big thanks to Alex K for sending me the recording that he transferred for me. Very grateful! There is a guy next to the taper that will scream a few times during the show. I think this is a better tape than the 2nd source. No work done to the recording other than slowing the recording down overall by -2.2. The transfer ran a bit fast on the Nak deck, this is now at the correct speed. Taper was AG.

If you have any past recordings of Nine Inch Nails you would like to add to the live archive at http://www.reflectinginthechrome.com, or are taping any concerts in the future please get in contact with me at ryanj at reflectinginthechrome dot com!

Notes for Ryan:  Not a bad recording.  If I recall, the taper did not have ability to trade DAT clones - too bad because he had some good stuff.  I forget how we connected initially but he was definitely my go-to Toronto hookup for trades as we seemed to be into similar  kind of stuff. If I remember the story correctly, he stopped taping/trading abruptly soon after one of the NIN Toronto gigs where one of the NIN roadies confiscated his DAT and never gave it back.   I think it was on the 96 or 97 tour?  Maybe you can ask Trent about it. The irony is that he was a huge NIN fan too who never profited on any of his recordings. 

