Nine Inch Nails
London, Astoria
13th September 1991

http://www.ninlive.com/shows/1991/19910913.html

Edited by Frank G.
Transferred by Matt Wolfe (depechemode-live.com - DM Live Wiki)
Lineage: Camden Market Bootleg VHS > Transfer > Edit (sync external audio source) > h264

Audience Video Recording
Codec: H264 - MPEG-4 AVC (part 10) (avc1)
Resolution: 720x578
Display resolution: 720x574
Frame Rate: 25
Decoded format: Planar 4:2:0 YUV

Audience Analogue Cassette Master (Sony TCS 430 with clip on mic)
Codec: MPEG AAC Audio (mp4a)
Language: English
Channels: Stereo
Sample rate: 48000 Hz

Setlist:
Now I'm Nothing 
Terrible Lie
Sin
Physical
The Only Time
Suck
That's What I Get
Wish
Get Down Make Love 
Ringfinger
Down In It 

Notes:
This is a video that has been a long time in the making. Nigel from the UK got a hold of me on twitter and said he had a London 1991 VHS that he thought would be some interest to me. As most of the VHS’ that are circulating, I thought that it would mostly be the same sort of quality I have seen from many of the shows. But this London gig has had some bad rips of it that look to be overdubbed many times. I thought, why not, send it to me and I’ll make sure to give you a copy.

Well, lots of things happened… Moved, didn’t have any of my stuff from back home etc. This tape got left behind. Thankfully, Matt of the DM Live Wiki said that he would help me transfer the recording (Big thanks Matt!). I sent the tape and when I got it back, it was a MASSIVE upgrade! The picture is unbelievably clear and blows any other grainy copy away. This was bought at the Camden market and I am quite certain this is from the master tape. The audio on the video was mixed waaaaay too low and there is a lot of hiss if you try to do any work on it. Thankfully, there is an external audio source that was recorded that same night. Only problem is, the tape ran a bit slow. I fixed it, but my video editing skills are mediocre at best. So again, it sat on my hard drive, untouched until I had some time to A) get proper video editing programs and B) learn! 

I really wanted to get this back to Nigel for sending it to me. I have been looking for someone to help on the archive to edit the TB’s of footage I have on my NIN video drive for the archive. Let’s fast forward to December 2018 (mind you, I think I have had it since July 2017?) I met another taper and video editor, Frank G., who also happens to have lived in the town over from me in MI! Small world… Anyways, he said that he would donate some of his valuable time to work on some recordings!!! This was the first one he did! Again, it was very difficult to sync up the audio source because the end would start to get slower on the audience audio recording. But he made sure that the audio synced up as best as possible! I have watched the video a few times, and you cannot tell at any point that there would be any issues. I honestly don’t see any. The beginning of the video is spliced with the video recording’s audio because the audio recording did not start at the same.

So excited to share this on the archive. The video is fantastic. Recorded from the rear balcony with a clear shot of the stage. So many people on stage throughout the show jumping off into the crowd. It’s amazing to see all the chaos on stage!

Again, thank you to Nigel for getting in contact and his patience throughout it all. I hope it was worth it, in the end! I am sure pumped to have this!

If you have any old NIN recordings on VHS, DAT, Cassette I would love to hear from you! You can always email me at ryanj@reflectinginthechrome.com


