Nine Inch Nails
May 16, 2005
New York, NY
Hammerstein Ballroom
With_Teeth Spring Club Tour

http://www.reflectinginthechrome.com/shows/2005/20050516.html

Equipment: Schoeps MK4s + actives + Nbox (-20db) + Sony PCM-M1
Taper: Crimson
Generation: DAT Master (16/44.1)
Lineage: Master DAT > Sony TCD-D8 > 7-Pin > M-Audio CO2 Converter > iMac optical in > CDWAVE (using parallels) > WAV > Audition (normalize to -.01 db) > Track > FLAC


Setlist:
Pinion
You Know What You Are?
Sin
March of the Pigs
The Line Begins To Blur
Piggy
Terrible Lie
Burn
Closer
The Big Come Down
With Teeth
The Day The World Went Away
Even Deeper
No, You Don't
Suck
Gave Up
Hurt
The Hand That Feeds
Wish
Head Like a Hole 

Notes:
Uncirculated up until July 2014. Almost 10 years on! I had been asking (hopefully not harassing!) Crimson to send over some of his masters to be transferred that did not get done back in 2010 when we were going through some of them. He was kind enough to agree and send his tapes over my way to get transferred. He gave me a disclaimer that these would sound a bit 'distant.' After listening back in real-time, I honestly can't say there is a flaw in this recording. It is perfect! Sound is fantastic, just like all of his other tapes that have been shared over the years (if I must say, Philly 2005, night 1 at Electric Factory is still one of my all time faves). I always thought the performance of "Piggy" during these club shows were among the best. 

It's great to finally have a true audio recording from this date. There was also a video recording from this date and many ripped the audio from that. That same taper also filmed the two Electric Factory shows in Philly a few days later. There are 4 shows from the NIN 2005 club tour that I am still trying to find sources for the archive. If you have taped any of these shows below, please get in contact:

May 03, 2005 - Denver, CO, Fillmore
May 06, 2005 - Chicago, IL, Congress Theater
May 07, 2005 - Chicago, IL, Congress Theater
May 09, 2005 - Toronto, ON, Koolhaus
May 15, 2005 - New York, NY, Hammerstein Ballroom

I just want to send Crimson another thanks for allowing me to transfer his master tapes and share these with the masses. These recordings are phenomenal and I know many of you will enjoy them for years to come.

If you have any past recordings of Nine Inch Nails you would like to add to the live archive at http://www.reflectinginthechrome.com, or are taping any concerts in the future please get in contact with me at ryanj at reflectinginthechrome dot com!