Nine Inch Nails
July 24, 2009
Budapest, Hungary
Syma Sports and Events Centre

36 camera multi cam edit by Fillow on ETS
Final export: codec H.264/AVC, 640x480, 29.97 fps, 90% quality (which resulted in 10180kbps bitrate)

Setlist:
Pinion
Wish
Last
Discipline
March of the Pigs
Piggy
Reptile
Burn
Gave Up
La Mer
Something I Can Never Have
Non-Entity
Gone, Still
The Downward Spiral
Mr. Self Destruct
1,000,000
Echoplex
Survivalism
The Good Soldier
Dead Souls

Encore:
The Hand That Feeds
Head Like a Hole
Hurt

Notes from Fillow:
Ten years ago Nine Inch Nails fooled everyone by pretending they are calling it a day, and they made me drop everything and travel 1,000 km across Europe to Budapest to see them live. This turned up to be one the best shows I've ever been to.

This film has been created with the footage taken and shared by 36 different people, who attended the show, and to whom I am forever grateful. I've been there too, and it's so good to have an opportunity to relive the moment. I believe it's truly an amazing amount of footage for a non-coordinated effort. Five people have been kind enough to unearth the original raw camera footage, almost ten years after the show. The rest of it was  uploaded to Youtube, Vimeo, Facebook and Dailymotion over the years and I did my best to collect it all. Working completely alone, it took me almost 8 months to edit it all together (November 2018 - July 2019), and now I'm glad to present this film on the show's 10th Anniversary. I hope you'll enjoy it.

A big thanks also goes to mmuzik, who made an amazing audio recording of the show. His tape (taken from ninlive archive) was used in this film.

Sorry it took so long to get onto the archive. This was sent to me over a month ago. I respect how much work went into this video and how much footage was obtained. It’s pretty impressive. Some of the cameras are what you would expect for the time in 2009. But I have to say, even in standard def, this is a raw video that is very enjoyable to watch!
