Nine Inch Nails
May 29, 2009
Chicago, IL
Charter One Pavilion
NINJA Tour - NIN Only Date

http://ninlive.com/shows/2009/20090529.html

Video Source: Source 3 Sony HDR-SR10 (ninlive)
Audio Source: Source 1 DPA 4060 (HEB) + BB + Edirol R09-HR (ninlive)
Edited by: Frank G.
Edit: MTS files (1080i 29.97 fps) > sync up audio/video sources > exported (1080p - 29.97 deinterlaced) - h.264 at 6000kbps & 48kHz AAC audio

Setlist:
Somewhat Damaged
Terrible Lie
Heresy
March of the Pigs
Piggy
Metal
The Becoming
I'm Afraid of Americans
Burn
Gave Up
La Mer (w/ The Frail teaser)
The Fragile
Gone, Still
The Way Out is Through
Wish
Survivalism
Mr. Self Destruct
Suck
The Day The World Went Away
Hurt
The Hand That Feeds
Head Like a Hole


Notes:
This was added back on June 27th, 2009 as a shitty iPod video conversion. Remember that was a thing at one point? lol. Anyways, thanks to Frank G. for taking a drive of the archive's collection and editing the footage for me to something that I could present on the archive. Being on the floor its hard to keep your camera still above your head to get a shot above the crowd as well as having people bump into your arm. So at times it shaky, but there are some good zoom in shots here and there. Overall, for a 107 minute show, I think the camera work was decent and was happy with the results.

This show on the tour was a “NIN Only” show. Jane’s Addiction was slated to play Lollapalooza that August and due to contractual agreements, could not play in Chicago prior. This was the start of a 3 day NIN road trip with my brother and I that we called “the nin binge.” It was a great trip, seeing them here, Indianapolis and then back home in Michigan. It was a lot of driving, but a great time seeing our favorite band. Also noted that there was an encore on the setlist that sadly was not done because of curfew.

There is a DVD version floating around as well. But that is in standard def. Enjoy the new edit!

If you have any past recordings of Nine Inch Nails you would like to add to the live archive at http://www.ninlive.com, please get in contact with me at ryanj at reflectinginthechrome dot com!