Nine Inch Nails
September 24, 2005
Portland, OR
Rose Garden Arena
With_Teeth Fall Arena Tour

http://www.ninlive.com/shows/2005/20050924.html

Equipment: CSBs + Sharp MD-MT15
Taper: acc123456
Generation: Master Minidisc
Lineage: Master MD > Sony MDS-S707 (Digital Out) > iMac (Optical In) > Adobe Audition (Normalize to -0.1 db) > CDWAVE (track) > FLAC

Setlist:
Pinion
Love Is Not Enough
Wish
Terrible Lie
The Line Begins to Blur
March of the Pigs
The Frail
The Wretched
Closer
Burn
Gave Up
Eraser (MD Flip)
Right Where it Belongs
Beside You In Time
You Know What You Are?
Sin
Only
Deep
Down in It
Hurt
The Hand That Feeds
Starfuckers Inc.
Head Like a Hole  


Notes:
This recording is being re-released as this was transferred digitally. The initial transfer of acc123456's recordings were all analog out on their MD deck. The reason I know this is because acc gave me the raw transfers of all the recordings that he did over the years and you could hear the beep when you hit play on the MD player. There is a difference in quality between the two. You can hear a lot more hiss in the first transfer, which I would assume is from the noise floor of the deck or running out the analog jack. Also, the 2005 recordings all suffered some errors on the discs themselves with some skips. These new transfers have removed almost all of them completely. The songs that suffered errors were 'Love Is Not Enough,' 'March of the Pigs,' 'The Frail,' ' and 'Head Like a Hole.' For the most part they were removed completely, but there will be some slight skips.

Acc has done a lot of NIN shows over the years and they are all great recordings. I really want to give a big thanks to acc for allowing me to transfer all of the master MDs digitally for the archive. He has been a huge help with gathering recordings and sharing any information he can about any of the previous NIN tours for the archive. Especially the early years of NIN. His help has been invaluable. So big thanks!!!

If you have any past recordings of Nine Inch Nails you would like to add to the live archive at http://www.reflectinginthechrome.com, or are taping any concerts in the future please get in contact with me at ryanj at reflectinginthechrome dot com!