Nine Inch Nails - Noblesville, IN 5-30-09
Recorded about 100 feet from the PA with a direct line of sight to record.

16 bit version from ninlive.com
Converted from 24 bit files via xACT

Recorded with a Tascam DR-07 in 24 bit WAV at 48k -> Cubase SX3 to split tracks and EQ -> dBpoweramp conversion to FLAC compression 8.

This was an incredibly painstaking task, so PLEASE PLEASE do not re-encode to a lossy format and repost. There are already Lame MP3 versions of this show on here and I spent a hell of a lot of time to get this and tweak it to the most perfection I could. I almost just uploaded the raw WAV files. If someone thinks they can get a better EQ out of this then PM me and maybe I can send you the source. This is my first recording and I am damn proud of it. For those of you that were at the show, rock on. I apologize for all of the chatter for the first 6 or so songs. It barely picked it up but there were two drunk assholes that were there to see Jane's Addiction and payed no mind to the rest of of us that wanted to see all of the bands playing. Here. We. Go!

I also really should mention that this recording sounds excellent through a good stereo. I haven't tried it in the car yet, but I boosted the bass frequencies that separate the kick drum from the bass guitar. It's a punchy mix.

Recorded from section D row H

:edit:

I was meaning to mention, if anyone has good HD footage of the show, I would really like to mesh this recording with it. I spent some time EQing this mix, but I probably could have spent more time tweaking it with a good set of monitors to get it closer to a mix like AATCHB. I have a good source and plenty of gear to master it and would really be interested in making a badass fanmade DVD or Blu Ray. lemme know!



Setlist-

Home
1,000,000
Discipline
March Of The Pigs
Piggy (Nothing Can Stop Me Now)
Metal
Meet Your Master
Head Down
I Do Not Want This
Gave Up
The Fragile
The Downward Spiral
Wish
Survivalism
Mr Self Destruct
Physical
The Good Soldier
The Hand That Feeds
Head Like A Hole
Hurt


bobbywingwoods rec. 