Nine Inch Nails 
2005-09-16 
Cox Arena 
San Diego, CA

"We Have a Medical Emergency"
*Uncirculated Master

DPA 4061>Sony PCM-M1> DAT> Pioneer PDR 509>CD>
EAC>WAV> Sound Forge Pro 10.0 (Remaster/EQ)>FLAC



01. Pinion
02. Love Is Not Enough
03. Wish
04. Terrible Lie
05. The Line Begins To Blur
06. March Of The Pigs
07. The Frail/The Wretched
08. Closer
09. Burn
10. Gave Up
11. Eraser (cut_crowd_Trent explains)
12. Crowd (Concert Canceled Announcement)
***13. (Tracks 11 and 12 condensed and combined)

***Basically what I did on Track 13 is cut out about 8 mins
of crowd noise as we waited for information about the show 
as Jerome Dillon was being treated. I combined Trent explaining
and Tour Manager making the canceled announcement together to give
you about a 3:09 track.  If you are not the type of person who cares
to have the show in it's entirety then you could go straight from 
Track 10. Gave Up  into Track 13 and get the shortened effect of the
canceled show.

If you wish to have the full effect, ignore Track 13.


The Story:

I'll make it short.  After a long drive down to San Diego and
getting to enjoy QOTSA's kick ass opening set, which was a
strange fit in my opinion as an opener for NIN and by the 
amount of shit Josh was giving the crowd and the crowd to 
him (I'm a fan of both so it was a bonus) we were pumped 
to see the opening night of NIN's With Teeth 2005 Fall Arena Tour.  
Well as all of you know, this is the show that unfortunately 
was cut short due to Jerome Dillon experiencing heart problems.  

Just as the intro to Eraser began and the screen came down, I 
saw a lot of commotion to the left side of the stage with flashlights,etc.
When the intro to Eraser was cut, I immediately felt the sense that 
something was wrong.  A lot of people around were thinking it to be
a technical glitch and in my stomach I was hoping the same, but seeing
that commotion with EMT's was not a technical glitch.  

Trent came out and filled us in on what was happening and then after
about an 8 to 9 min wait, we got the offficial word from, I imagine, the
tour manager that the show was going to be canceled due to Jerome Dillon
experiencing some irregular heart problem.  HOWEVER, the reschedule
date was for November 20th, 2005 which we were able to come back to
and tape it as well.  So, we got the opening night of the tour AND the
closing night of that 2005 North American First Leg. So, it all worked out.

I hope you enjoy! I'm looking forward to the HTDA shows and some NIN '13