Nine Inch Nails
Venue: Nova Rock Open Air Festival, Nickelsdorf, Austria, Red Stage
Date: 19 June 2009
Taper: mrruin 
Source: Audience
Transfer: AT U853/c > 3wire BB > Church Audio ST-9100 preamp v2.0 > R09 24bit 48kHz, line in > mastering > flac > you
Sound Quality: excellent and in stereo, some very slight wind and later in the set rain noise
Position: 10m from stage, center

01 Somewhat Damaged
02 Terrible Lie
03 Heresy
04 March Of The Pigs
05 Piggy
06 Metal
07 The Becoming
08 Burn
09 Gave Up
10 The Fragile
11 The Way Out Is Through
12 Wish
13 Survivalism
14 Mr. Self Destruct
15 The Day The Whole World Went Away
16 Hurt
17 The Hand That Feeds
18 Head Like A Hole (cut because of power failure) 

Running Time: about 1 hour 25 minutes

Show Notes:
Last ever (?) Austrian show and it had a somewhat fitting and bizarre ending to it. Just before the chorus of Head Like A Hole the power went out and everything was dead, no sound, no lighting, no video screens. Just like that NIN was history in Austria. I imagine Trent was quite pissed off about that but it was the perfect ending. The crowd wasnt too angry even though most stayed for a few more minutes seeing if the show would continue. A big cheer went up when the lights started to flicker again but no more music should be played that night. At this time it had started to pour and it was freezingly cold. I packed up my stuff and almost ran to my tent seeing as I had no raincost with me. My trusty Mastodon shirt protected my mics (and a good job it did!). Other things to say: Ilan Rubin kicks serious ass, he didnt miss a beat when Trent ran into his drums during Terrible Lie and never once stopped banging his head (except on the slow songs...). 

Speaking of the recording it turned out very good. Maybe the signal ran a little hot at times and the source distorted very very slightly here and there. Once the rain started I had to cover my mics and thus the sound quality suffered a little. Stage sound was perfect, much respect to the sound tech who really did an excellent job. Looks like this will be the last NIN show Ill ever tape, hope you like it its been a good run Trent!