Nine Inch Nails
March 28, 2006
Location: Oklahoma City OK
Venue: Ford Center

SOURCE: Master MD (Sony MZ-R90) > .WAV > CD-R
Taped, Produced, Edited, and Mastered by: Ian Roegels
Transferred from MD to WAV by Tim Anderson

DISC 1

Love Is Not Enough
You Know What You Are
Sin
Terrible Lie
Line Beings to Blur
March of the Pigs
Something I Can Never Have
Closer
Burn
Gave Up
Eraser
Right Where It Belongs
Beside You in Time

DISC 2

With Teeth
Wish
Only
Every Day Is Exactly the Same
Even Deeper
Suck
Hurt
The Hand that Feeds
Head like A Hole

NOTES: This show turned out better than I thought considering all the obstacles I had to overcome.  I tried to sneak in a good microphone, but at the line we learned that the security was going to be insanely tight.  They were searching everyone.  So instead, I smashed a small pair of headphones and my MD recorder underneath my foot in my shoe.  I walked in the place like that.  Unfortunately, part of one of the headphones was poking at my foot and digging in it pretty bad.  When I finally got in there, I went into the bathroom to remove it.  For the next week I had a welt on the bottom of my foot thanks to the headphones!  Anyways, I put everything in place there.  When we got to our seats, we saw that there was a security guard LITERELY every foot or so around the stadium.  This made it increasingly difficult as we were sitting on the very front row!  (We weren't in the pit.)  So it became even harder to conceal my recording stuff.  At one point, one of them turned their flashlight on me for a few seconds.  I think they were actually shinning it on the guy behind me, but still, I was taping and it was something I didn't need.  This all resulted in a very mixed recording.  Sometimes during the show, I stood up.  This allowed the mics (headphones) to dangle a little bit freely and record a little bit clearer.  However, when I sat down, the headphones were muffled a little bit by the coat I was wearing.  When I was working on this show, I made two tracks.  One track would have a seperate EQ for when I was standing up, and the other would have an EQ for sitting down.  After that I blended the two together, and this is what you have.

I'm sorry this took so long to get out.  At the time I taped this, I just didn't have the proper tools to do this show justice.  This show turned out better than I expected...definitely better than the first couple of times I tried.