Nine Inch Nails
June 07, 2009
Wantagh, NY
Nikon at Jones Beach Amphitheater
NIN|JA Tour

http://ninlive.com/shows/2009/20090607.html

Equipment
Video: Sony HDR-SR10
Audio: DPA 4060 (HEB) + BB + Edirol R09-HR
Filmed and Recorded by: RyanJ

Edited By: Frank G

Setlist:
Somewhat Damaged 
Terrible Lie 
Heresy 
March of Pigs 
The Frail 
Metal 
Im Afraid of Americans 
The Becoming 
Burn 
Gave Up 
The Fragile 
I Do Not Want This 
The Downward Spiral 
Wish 
Survivalism 
Echoplex 
The Hand That Feeds 
Head Like a Hole 
Hurt

Notes:
10 years ago today, I filmed one of the best captures of Nine Inch Nails I have done, ever. Thanks to the open taping policy, I took advantage of it by bringing my Sony HD camera and DPA mics in to 9 shows on this tour. For being a one camera angle there are some great close ups of each band member and I was really hoping to get more HD sources from this show to mix in together. Since I am infatuated with everything NIN live, I knew when to pan to different members to get the best shot for each song. Alas, not many sources came out and I sat on the HD version of this for many years. This performance is special with a lot of my favorite tracks during the show. This is also the performance where Robin destroys his guitar at the end of The Becoming! Two little hiccups with the recording during the end of 'March of the Pigs' and 'I Do Not Want This' because the sound was so intense that it shut off the hard drive based camera!

Only released in SD on a DVD this is the first time it has been seen in its high definition form. Big thanks to Frank G who has been working tirelessly to get this footage formatted and edited for archival purposes and the ability to share it with the NIN community. Enjoy the recording.

If you have any Nine Inch Nails recordings that you have done over the years or want your cassettes/DATs/MDs/VHS/MiniDV tapes transferred. Please get in contact with the archive. I would love to help you digitize them. email: ryanj at reflectinginthechrome.com