Nine Inch Nails
October 31st, 2005
Nashville, TN
Gaylord Entertainment Center

Equipment: CSBs + Sony MZ-R55
Taper: Mike White
Transfer: Master MDs > Sony MDS-JE630 > Optical Out > M-Audio CO2 Converter > Marantz PMD671 > WAV > Audition (phase correction, normalize to -0.1 db) > CDWAVE (track) > xACT > FLAC
Transferred By: RyanJ (ryanj@reflectinginthechrome.com

Setlist:
Pinion
Love Is Not Enough
You Know What You Are?
Terrible Lie
The Line Begins to Blur
March of the Pigs
The Frail
The Wretched
Closer
Burn
Gave Up
Eraser
Right Where it Belongs
Beside You In Time
The Collector
Wish
Only
Reptile
Suck *
Hurt *
The Hand That Feeds *
Head Like a Hole *

* = Not Recorded

Notes:
To my knowledge, this is an uncirculated tape. Or at least a very limited released recording. All the while, I thought I had already posted this too. So, my organization isn’t the best.

I had this previous as well and it seemed whenever it was transferred, it was a mono source. Only using the left channel. Looks like there was a problem with the right channel. Being very high levels. It was easy to fix in post and I have normalized each channel. So this release is in stereo.

The tape is incomplete. Out of the minidiscs the disc says, “NIN Disc 1” but I did not have a “Disc 2” and I spoke with Mike and he said he had problems with his minidisc during this night. I assume there was never a 2nd disc and an incomplete recording is what we have. QOTSA was also recorded but not on the disc itself. My minidisc deck cannot read LP mode, which is a shame. But I don’t believe any of the disc was used in LP mode. Weirdly, the original transfer I have from Mike has all of Reptile complete. But when I transferred this tape, the last 20 seconds or so was cut off. I have spliced the last few seconds of the original transfer with this digital transfer to make Reptile complete.

I thank Mike for sending me his master tapes to transfer. If you are someone who has an old Nine Inch Nails recording that you would like to contribute to the NIN Live Archive, please get in contact! I would love to be able to work on your tapes to preserve. You can email me at the above address!

Compiled on 3/24/2020