Nine Inch Nails
May 27, 2005
Tempe, AZ
Marquee Theater
With Teeth Club Tour

http://ninlive.com/shows/2005/20050527.html

Equipment: CSBs + BB + Sharp MD-MT161
Taper: NotoriousTIMP
Transfer: Master MDs > Sony MDS-JE630 > Optical Out > M-Audio CO2 Converter > Marantz PMD671 > WAV > Audition (phase correction, normalize to -0.1 db) > CDWAVE (track) > xACT > FLAC
Transferred By: RyanJ (ryanj@reflectinginthechrome.com)

Setlist:
Pinion
The Frail
The Wretched
You Know What You Are?
March of the Pigs
The Line Begins To Blur
Piggy
Terrible Lie
Burn
With Teeth
Closer
Home
Reptile
The Big Come Down
(MD Flip)
Gave Up
The Day The World Went Away Aborted
The Day The World Went Away
Suck
Even Deeper
Hurt
The Hand That Feeds
Wish
Head Like a Hole


Notes:
To this day, I still think this is one of Nine Inch Nails’ most essential live shows. Trent Reznor’s first time on stage in 5 years and this whole tour is one of the best. Just absolute rage every single night, Trent’s voice also (imo) at peak. Fresno’s setlist is just an onslaught from start to finish. I had been talking with TIMP to get his MD masters almost 10 years ago. But they were with a friend. I knew I would see them one day and finally in February, I was able to acquire them to work on! The previous transfers were all done headphone out on the minidisc player. I have taken these and done a full digital transfer using my optical out on the MD deck I have. It has made these recordings sound better and it’s amazing to have the best transfers available to preserve these recordings. Great recording done by TIMP this night. MD flip comes close to the end of Big Come Down and starts back up during Gave Up. TIMP had problems with the minidisc all night with some skips in the middle of the set. These aren’t too apparent as I have cleaned them up throughout the tape.

If you have any past recordings of Nine Inch Nails you would like to add to the live archive at http://www.ninlive.com, please get in contact with me at ryanj at reflectinginthechrome dot com!

Compiled March 23, 2020

