Nine Inch Nails
September 06, 2009
Los Angeles, CA
The Echoplex
Wave Goodbye Tour 2009

https://ninlive.com/shows/2009/20090906.html

Master Tape
Equipment: Sony HVR-A1U
Filmer: JAM007

Audio from Source 4 (Schoeps CCM4s + Aerco + SBM-1 + Sony PCM-M1)
Anonymous' Rec.

Master Tapes - Sony HVR-M15au > Adobe Premiere > HDV > (sync source 4 audio, exported as Apple ProRes, Transcoded to h.264 at 7000kbps) > MP4 for distribution 

Edited by Frank G.

Setlist:
Somewhat Damaged
The Beginning of the End
The Collector
Discipline
March of the Pigs
Something I Can Never Have
The Frail
The Wretched
Terrible Lie
Ruiner
Head Down
Burn
Gave Up *Tape Switch At End*
La Mer 
Non-Entity
Gone, Still
The Big Come Down
The Way Out is Through
Wish
Survivalism
Down in It
Metal (W/ Gary Numan)
I Die, You Die (W/ Gary Numan)
Physical (You're So)
The Hand That Feeds
Head Like a Hole

Encore
Dead Souls
Hurt


Notes:
Again, this is from a bunch of master tapes I had acquired from JAM in February of 2020. Been working on many of them slowly over that time. With the NIN shows being cancelled for this week in September, I thought we could all watch this recording back together as sort of a make up for the shows not happening.

This was supposed to be the final show of the 2009 tour. Which we all thought was the last show for good. But Trent became ill a few shows prior and they had to swap around some of the dates. So this became the third to last show. From many personal accounts of the show it was hot... very hot inside the Echoplex. JAM filmed this from the left side of the stage and there are a lot of very close shots throughout the footage. Some parts are obstructed, but overall its a very good recording. 

As this is an HDV tape, the tape swap comes after Gave Up. 

With no new shows upcoming, I have just a few more sources to upload to the archive. If you would like to share and contribute some recordings that you have done or tapes that have been collecting dust. Please get in contact at info@ninlive.com. Thank you!