Rage Against the Machine
1993-09-11
Anti-Nazi League Benefit
Brixton Academy
London, England

Taper: Unknown
Taping Location: Unknown
Source: Unknown Mics + Recorder >> ?? > Bootleg Casette, but possibly one of:
- Realistics > WMD6 (32Hz)
- Sony ECM-909 > Sony TCD-D3
Transfer: Bootleg Cassette > Nakamichi DR-3 > Marantz PMD-661 (24/96) (done by TJ)
Length: 59:48

Setlist:

1. Wake Up
2. Take the Power Back
3. Bombtrack
4. Darkness of Greed
5. Know Your Enemy (with Billy Bragg)
(tape flip)
6. Bullet in the Head
7. Freedom
8. Zack Speaks
9. Killing in the Name
10. Hadda Be Playing on the Jukebox (Allen Ginsberg poem)

Notes: this is a bootleg cassette that probably originated somewhere in the Camden Markets shortly after the show. I have a similar one from Reading 1993 with the same "Source A Audience" label on the side. There is a taper that used the Realistics + WM-D6 to record Reading, Mayfair, and this show which makes me think that this is that source. The WM-D6/WM-D3 series recorders were popular amongst bootleggers that sold tapes in that market during that era due to their use from notorious bootleggers like "Big Al". I confirmed based on audience chatter before "Wake Up" that this is separate from the video audio.

ZDLR speech:

I just want to personally thank each and every one of you for coming out and supporting the Anti-Nazi League. It's important because we're all being apart of something that's real, that's happening right now in our lives and that is the spread of bullshit fascist ideals that is inspiring a new following throughout Europe and it's important that we all fucking crush it right now, right where we stand. It's also important to remember that each and every one of you as individuals has the power and only through the collective use of that power can we crush fascism. We can stand here all night and yell anti-fascist statements and slogans all night but nothing is going to change until you fucking go out and make it change. I just want to thank everyone from the Anti-Nazi League for putting this thing on because as a result of it we've had, I heard from Paul earlier from the Anti-Nazi League, he was telling me that there are now a thousand new active participants against fascism that'll be at the march and supporting the Anti-Nazi League throughout.   

Text file compiled by TJ (http://ratm.live) April 2023
