Rage Against the Machine
1997-08-17
Meadows Music Theatre
Hartford, CT

Taper: Mike Ganezer
Taping Location: Pavilion area
Lineage: Radio Shack 33-3003 Omnidirectional mic > Radio Shack CTR-96 recorder > Maxwell Cassette. 
Transfer: Master Cassette tape > Nakamichi DR-3 > PCM-A10; WAV > Audacity (Noise Reduction applied)> FLAC
Length: 1:24:21

Setlist:

1. People of the Sun
2. Know Your Enemy
3. Vietnow
4. Bombtrack
5. The Ghost of Tom Joad (Bruce Springsteen cover)
6. Fistful of Steel
7. Tire Me
8. Down Rodeo
(tape flip)
9. Darkness of Greed
10. Without a Face
11. Bulls on Parade
12. Bullet in the Head
(Encore Break)
13. Killing in the Name
14. Roll Right / Freestyle with Raekwon and RZA from Wu-Tang Clan
15. MTV Broadcast discussing the show and tour

Throughout the four days I spent with Ryan of the NIN archive and Mark from LP Live I was hounded to create a Twitter account so they could tag me. I finally relented and lo and behold Mike reached out with the Hartford setlist and tape! We exchanged a few emails and he sent me this tape along with a few others to transfer. A huge thanks to Mike for sending these over. I had been looking for a copy of this show a long, long time and had given up hope tracking it down. Really appreciate him sending this over!

This show was infamous in that fans tore up sod from the lawn and started hurling it at each other. At one point people tore down part of the back pavilion wall and lit things on fire. According to the Hartford Courant nearly $30,000 was caused in damage to the venue. Folks pulled out pepper spray as well during the concert. In this recording you can hear people beating on the chairs making a ruckus. Some notes from Mike regarding his recollection:

"The Hartford show was definitely crazy.  My friend and I were in the pavilion area and at some point there was pepper spray in my section, but the stuff with the grass was going on behind us.  I remember the crowd being super rowdy for sure.  Thankfully they didn't stop the show."

Wu-Tang dropped off the tour but prior to them dropping off some members collaborated with Rage at least three concerts, this being the second. They also came onstage in Atlanta on 1997-08-10 and in New Jersey on 1997-08-20. It's unclear if they came out at other dates before dropping off the tour. Please let me know if you know otherwise or have a recording of the Atlanta show - I know an audio recording exists!

If you have unreleased Nine Inch Nails recordings, please visit Ryan at NINLive.com.
If you have unreleased Linkin Park recordings, please visit Mark at LPLive.net.
And finally, if you have unreleased (or really anything) from Rage Against the Machine please get in touch and check out the Rage live archive at http://ratm.live!
