Rage Against the Machine
2022-08-11
Madison Square Garden
New York City, NY

Taper: TJ (http://ratm.live)
Taping Location: Front rail right in front of Tim
Lineage: Schoeps MK4s > Babynbox > PCM-A10
Transfer: WAV > Audacity (no edits) > FLAC
Length: 1:31:02

Setlist:

1. Public Service Announcement Intro
2. Bombtrack
3. People of the Sun
4. Bulls on Parade
5. Bullet in the Head
6. Revolver (Intro Only)
7. Testify
8. Take the Power Back
9. Close Your Eyes (And Count To Fuck) (Run the Jewels cover with Run the Jewels)
10. Guerrilla Radio
11. Without a Face
12. Know Your Enemy
13. Calm Like a Bomb
14. Sleep Now in the Fire
15. Born of a Broken Man
16. War Within a Breath
17. The Ghost of Tom Joad (Bruce Springsteen cover)
18. Freedom
19. Township Rebellion (outro)
20. Killing in the Name

What a fantastic show. I got to go with Anthony, Joe, and my brother all on the floor for what has been the best set at the Garden so far. We met up with several awesome individuals ahead of time (Manny, Tom, and Andrew) and we all rocked the rail. I was not expecting at all to be so close for Rage but thanks to those guys we were right up close the entire time. We ran video as well and that turned out pretty awesome although I had crowd surfers going over me quite a few times to get out of the pit. Definitely not a great audio taping spot though lol. I had two people go over during Without a Face and one smashed my hat which is why the sound drops during that song. There was also a screamer right behind me that you can hear let out an impressively long yell right before and at the start of War Within a Breath. During Killing in the Name Anthony and Joe hoisted me to wave the Che flag again and it was displayed on the back screen! What a crazy night. Cannot wait to do it two more times!

A huge, huge, HUGE thanks to Sully and his sound crew for the incredible sound that we hear every night. This has been the best sounding arena show I've ever been to and it is him and his crew every night that makes the sound shine. It's unbelievable how good these concerts sound in person regardless of where you are in the venue and we have them to thank for it. If you can swing a show you'll be blown away by it. We cannot thank you and the crew enough!

If you have unreleased Nine Inch Nails recordings, please visit Ryan at NINLive.com.
If you have unreleased Linkin Park recordings, please visit Mark at LPLive.net.
And finally, if you have unreleased (or really anything) from Rage Against the Machine please get in touch and check out the Rage live archive at http://ratm.live!
