Rage Against the Machine
2022-07-11
United Center
Chicago, IL

Taper: TJ (http://ratm.live)
Taping Location: Floor left, mostly 2 rows back
Lineage: Schoeps MK4s
Transfer: WAV > Audacity > FLAC
Length: 1:28:37

Setlist:

1. Public Service Announcement Intro
2. Bombtrack
3. People of the Sun
4. Bulls on Parade
5. Bullet in the Head (Zack busts his leg)
6. Revolver (Intro Only)
7. Testify
(Take the Power Back was on the setlist here but not played)
8. Tire Me
9. Wake Up (with speech)
10. Guerrilla Radio
11. Down Rodeo
12. Know Your Enemy
13. Calm Like a Bomb
14. Sleep Now in the Fire
15. War Within a Breath
16. The Ghost of Tom Joad (Bruce Springsteen cover)
17. Freedom
18. Township Rebellion (outro)
19. Killing in the Name (once again on someone's shoulders holding the flag!)

Another fantastic set although with an unfortunate twist. Joe, Anthony, and I started out 50 rows back during Bombtrack and when the song came on we immediately ran to the front. We ended up being two rows (!!) from the rail the entire time right in front of Tim! I didn't expect to be that close and to be honest it is not a great taping spot but hey, it was a hell of a view! The first four songs started out STRONG, just like Alpine Valley. Unfortunately, Zack did something to his leg during Bullet in the Head which caused him to sit on the monitor stage left the rest of the night. The crowd rallied to carry him through the set. There is NO other frontman that would power through like that for a show. The band played a similar set to Alpine but swapped in Down Rodeo for Without a Head. Take the Power Back was on the setlist but was NOT played - hope we get it tomorrow! I once again hoisted the flag during Killing and managed to stay up for a LONG time. If anyone got a photo please send it my way!

I wish Zack a fast and speedy recovery. We'll be there for you tomorrow night to carry you through again!! Rest up!!

If you have unreleased Nine Inch Nails recordings, please visit Ryan at NINLive.com.
If you have unreleased Linkin Park recordings, please visit Mark at LPLive.net.
And finally, if you have unreleased (or really anything) from Rage Against the Machine please get in touch and check out the Rage live archive at http://ratm.live!
