Rage Against the Machine
2022-08-14
Madison Square Garden
New York City, NY

Taper: TJ (http://ratm.live)
Taping Location: Front rail right in front of Tim (a third time despite me swearing I'd stand somewhere else lol)
Lineage: Schoeps MK4s > Babynbox > PCM-A10
Transfer: WAV > Audacity (Normalize -1.0) > FLAC
Length: 1:48:07

Setlist:

1. Public Service Announcement Intro
2. Bombtrack
3. People of the Sun
4. Bulls on Parade
5. Bullet in the Head
6. Revolver (Intro Only)
7. Testify
8. Take the Power Back
9. Close Your Eyes (And Count to Fuck) (Run the Jewels cover with RTJ)
10. Wake Up
11. Guerrilla Radio
12. Down Rodeo
13. Vietnow ("The Wind Below" was on the V1 setlist here)
14. Know Your Enemy
15. Calm Like a Bomb
16. Sleep Now in the Fire
17. Born of a Broken Man
18. War Within a Breath
19. The Ghost of Tom Joad (Bruce Springsteen cover)
20. Freedom
21. Township Rebellion (outro)
22. Killing in the Name

What a way to close out five nights at the Garden. Rage delivered their longest known set ever to close out their US run of shows with an absolutely epic performance. We got two more songs in addition to their normal rotation + we ALMOST had Wind Below!! It was on the V1 setlist but a V2 setlist was performed instead. Each song sounded incredible and I think Rage left it all on the stage last night. Continually blown away by the energy this band puts out.

A special thanks to Joe, Anthony, Alex, Andrew, Tom, and Joe B. for an absolutely incredible time last night. Was great to finish the MSG run with such a great crew and cannot wait to do it again next year. Anthony and Joe hoisted me one final time at the Garden to wave the flag and Brad hit me in the head with a drumstick he lobbed directly at me. Hope someone got that drumstick!

If you have unreleased Nine Inch Nails recordings, please visit Ryan at NINLive.com.
If you have unreleased Linkin Park recordings, please visit Mark at LPLive.net.
And finally, if you have unreleased (or really anything) from Rage Against the Machine please get in touch and check out the Rage live archive at http://ratm.live!
