Rage Against the Machine
2022-08-12
Madison Square Garden
New York City, NY

Taper: TJ (http://ratm.live)
Taping Location: Front rail right in front of Tim (again lol)
Lineage: Schoeps MK4s > Babynbox > PCM-A10
Transfer: WAV > Audacity (Normalize -1.0) > FLAC
Length: 1:30:24

Setlist:

1. Public Service Announcement Intro
2. Bombtrack
3. People of the Sun
4. Bulls on Parade
5. Bullet in the Head
6. Revolver (Intro Only)
7. Testify
8. Tire Me
9. Take the Poewr Back
10. Guerrilla Radio
11. Fistful of Steel
12. Know Your Enemy
13. Calm Like a Bomb
14. Sleep Now in the Fire
15. Born of a Broken Man
16. War Within a Breath
17. The Ghost of Tom Joad (Bruce Springsteen cover)
18. Freedom
19. Township Rebellion (outro)
20. Killing in the Name

FISTFUL OF STEEL! The first performance of Fistful since 1997-09-21 at their very last show of the Evil Empire tour. We knew this one might be coming at some point but I never EVER thought I'd get to hear it. The band tightened up the song a bit dropping some of the bass interludes and it sounded better than ever. Incredibly stoked I got to hear this one and what a treat. Apparently it hadn't been rehearsed since prior to the tour which takes massive balls to attempt at the Garden. Cannot wait for Sunday's show - who knows what will be pulled out?!

In terms of the recording this is another stellar capture of the crowd and Tim's bass monitor. I was basically on the rail again by total accident and got a sick capture with my camera. As such one of the channels is unbalanced and things are bassy but I left it as is. If someone wants to clean things up that would be fantastic.

Was great to go to the show with such great people including Joe, Anthony, Alex, Andrew, Tom, and Manny. Cannot WAIT to do it again Sunday! Andrew held the flag during Che and we made sure to film him holding it up. Andrew returned the original Che flag to Joe after Joe lost it over 15 years ago at Randall's Island so for him to hold it up was incredibly special. I hope (and know) it made your night!

A huge thanks again to Sully and the sound crew for making the band sound so great. I feel bad that I'm capturing in one of the worst spots since it doesn't do his sound justice at all but I'll be sure to round out the tour with a good capture so folks can hear how great their work sounds. Sunday can't come soon enough!

If you have unreleased Nine Inch Nails recordings, please visit Ryan at NINLive.com.
If you have unreleased Linkin Park recordings, please visit Mark at LPLive.net.
And finally, if you have unreleased (or really anything) from Rage Against the Machine please get in touch and check out the Rage live archive at http://ratm.live!
