Rage Against the Machine
2022-07-29
PPG Arena
Pittsburgh, PA

Taper: TJ (http://ratm.live)
Taping Location: Dead center 40-50 meters back on floor
Lineage: Schoeps MK4s > Babynbox > PCM-A10
Transfer: WAV > Audacity (no edits) > FLAC
Length: 1:33:10

Setlist:

1. Public Service Announcement Intro
2. Bombtrack
3. People of the Sun
4. Bulls on Parade
5. Bullet in the Head
6. Revolver (Intro Only)
7. Testify
8. Take The Power Back
9. Close Your Eyes (And Count To Fuck) (Run the Jewels cover)
10. Guerrilla Radio
11. Vietnow
12. Know Your Enemy
13. Calm Like a Bomb
14. Sleep Now in the Fire
15. Born of a Broken Man
16. War Within a Breath
17. The Ghost of Tom Joad (Bruce Springsteen cover)
18. Freedom
19. Township Rebellion (outro)
20. Killing in the Name

Holy shit what a great fucking day. I spent the day with a great friend who I've known since undergrad and he treated me to a fantastic few days in Pittsburgh. We had some drinks at a restaurant overlooking the entire city and then headed to the show where we met the legendary GW and co. outside the venue. I've bumped into him at least twice at a Rage show without coordinating lol and it is always a pleasure. Thanks to him and co. we were able to get down to the lower section and then eventually the floor despite originally having nosebleeds. A huge thank you to the two individuals that made that happen - you know you are and it is something I'll never forget. Rage played another fantastic set, bringing back Vietnow and continuing to play Born of a Broken Man. I think this might be the best sounding recording I've done of the tour since I was in the sweet spot without any talkers. I also filmed and monitored the camera for once. Enjoy!

If you have unreleased Nine Inch Nails recordings, please visit Ryan at NINLive.com.
If you have unreleased Linkin Park recordings, please visit Mark at LPLive.net.
And finally, if you have unreleased (or really anything) from Rage Against the Machine please get in touch and check out the Rage live archive at http://ratm.live!
