Jane's Addiction - Song List liberated bootleg
Recorded ??/??/87
Venue: June Street Studios, Los Angeles, CA
Released By: Totonka 
ID Number: CDPRO3 
Quality: Good 
Source: Mixed 
Time: 49:36 

Track Listings: 
01. Idiots Rule 
02. Classic Girl 
03. Up the Beach 
04. Suffer Some 
05. Thank You Boys 
06. Summertime Rolls 
07. City 
08. Ocean Size 
09. Stop! 
10. Standing in the Shower... Thinking 
11. Ain't No Right 
12. Three Days 

There are occasional light pops most barely noticable.

Jane's Addiction Biography:

Your sister's not a virgin anymore... She moved to Los Angeles where nothing's shocking.
She looks like hell but she thinks it's unique. Ever since she left home
(September 1985) she's developed an attitude. The old ways were fine, now nothings
good enough. Tell her something and she answers back real fresh. She has new 
musician friends. The singer, Perry Farrell, wears her shit mixed with his hit. 
It get's you a little hard. Freak! She says it's nothing shocking. They're the 
hottest band going in L.A. - - voted "Best New Band of 1986" by their musical 
peers in "Musical Connection", and then voted "Best Underground Band" and 
"Best Heavy Metal/Hard Rock Band" by the people in "L.A. Weekly's 1st Annual
Music Awards." Now they've been signed to Warner Brothers. These guys are so
fucking young. David Navarro, the guitar player, looks to young to be carrying
money around. He and the drummer, Stephen Perkins, have been best friends since
childhood. Stephen goes out with the bass player's sister. That's how they met up 
with Eric Avery. I wouldn't be surprised if they were all fucking each other. There
is no sanity. "Sanity", says Farrell, "was just a veil. What separates us from the
past is that we no longer hide. Did you expect to never be discovered? This age is
the fastest yet. We just got to the point, it's nothing shocking. No, there is no 
sanity and your sister's not a virgin anymore".

What's left of Bernstien
