Jane's Addiction 
May 30, 1987 
Scream @ the Embassy Hotel, Los Angeles, CA
Soundboard

Lineup: 	
Perry Farrell
Dave Navarro
Stephen Perkins
Eric Avery

Set List:
Whores
1%
Standing In The Shower... Thinking
Ain't No Right
Trip Away
Three Days
L.A. Medley
Up The Beach
Mountain Song
Kettle Whistle
Stop!
No One's Leaving

Show Information:
Final "Scream" show at the Embassy Hotel.
Apparently there was an "all-star jam" of LA musicians sometime after the band's set, though it's unclear if any of the Jane's guys were involved in that.

Recording Information:
A- quality soundboard. 56:53. The first half or so of "Whores" is missing. "Kettle Whistle" is cut after about 4:40.

Notable Moments:
This is the earliest known performance of "L.A. Medley".
Perry's mic had problems during "Mountain Song" resulting in the first half being instrumental.
"It's the last night! Let's burn it down! Let's fuck it up! Come on! Come on!"

"What's up, motherfuckers? What's up, motherfuckers? We haven't seen your ass in a long time. It's good to be back. Don't let them kid you, man, England sucks compared to LA. We'll kick your ass. New York sucks compared to LA. Don't let them kid you, man, with that bullshit. LA is the place. As long as we're alive. 'Cause this is the fuckin' crew right here. Ain't no bullshit. We got a bunch of thinkers, man, we ain't as dumb as a Hollywood movie. We ain't no Hollywood movie, man, we got feelings."

"Hey man, I might not have big nipples, but they get hard just the same."

"So listen. You know and I know, music is just like sex, right? You can't fuck at top speed because you start losing the feeling, right? So mellow out with us now 'cause we're gonna do a song called 'Kettle Whistle', 'kay?"

"Man, I think I lost a few pounds, you know? 'Cause when I got here I was a little bit overweight. So, I said I'm gonna do some dancing and shit. 'Cause them love handles catch up to a man, ask your husband or your boyfriend. They can tell you, man. We don't get big asses, we get a big fat old tube. It's fucked but, you know."

"Whatever happens, no sell out!"