Jane’s Addiction
May 2, 1987
CSUN (California State University Northridge)

A Tapegeek Master Recording/Hitwitstuff2 Upload!

TDK SA-X90 cassette, Aiwa CM30 Stereo Mic, Aiwa Recorder->LUXMAN K-111 HX Pro Stereo Cassette Deck->Audacity (Levels adjusted, tracks created, no EQ).
flacs created with Switch, MD5 file created with xACT.


HITWITSTUFF2 SAYS:

Its a long weird path that brings these recordings to DIME. It starts in 1997 when on a work assignment in Los Angeles I started talking with a co-worker named Scott and it turns out that he’s into lots of the music stuff I’m into and he’s a taper! Its almost the final days of this project and Scott appears one morning with a Paper Grocery bag filled with first gen copies from master recordings of Replacements, Husker Du, Minutemen, fIREHOSE, Meat Puppets, Butthole Surfers, Robin Hitchcock…..I got dizzy. I had only three or four days to get them all copied and that could only be done while on my ten hour turnaround between work; thats the time I should be sleeping. I went crazy dubbing with my dubber and cassette to DAT with my other set up (instead of sleeping). I didn’t get em all, but I got all that was very important to me. Fifteen years later, I uploaded one of these “Scott Paper Bag” shows to Dime and told this story. Turns out Scott is on Dime as “Sporkpie” and identified himself to me. I also met his friend who is also on Dime. He goes by Tapegeek. Those first gen copies that were in the bag were mostly copies of Tapegeek (and his friend and fellow DIME’r Peewee’s) master recordings. Tapegeek coincidently is in the same profession as myself. Small world, huh? Well, guess what. These are his recordings off of his master cassettes that we are now going to enjoy and share so lets reward Tapegeek for handing over his master, for trusting me and for his generosity. Lets get some great comments.

TAPEGEEK (OUR RECORDIST) SAYS:

If you have ever heard this recording of this show before, it is because I used to trade cassettes with people all over the world, and so many dubs of this master have made the rounds - I have been waiting for a very long time for someone like hitwitstuff2 to help me out with getting these shows properly digitized and shared, and so many thanks are due to him - share your recordings folks!!!

Ok I was excited for this show - X, the Dickies, and Jane's Addiction - a great big barn of a gymnasium at Cal State Northridge is what the venue turns out to be - I find a spot way over on the left side and tape my mic to a light fixture in the wall so I don't have to hold it the whole time!  As it turns out, the show is totally great, but the sound system in there is really not so good, and sadly the battery in my mic is (maybe) dying throughout - Jane's (who opened, and who I knew nothing about, but turn out to be amazing) sounds the "best", the Dickies (next) a bit less so, and X (I think) the worst of all - anyway, enjoy this early taste of Jane's!

Please trade this show freely, but do not alter the files or any of the info, do not convert the FLACs to MP3s unless it is just for your own personal use, and above all do not sell this recording in any way! -Tapegeek 

1. Whores
2. Had A Dad
3. banter
4. Standing In The Shower..Thinking
5. banter
6. Ain’t No Right
7. banter
8. No One’s Leaving
9.Trip Away
10. Ocean Size
11. banter
12. Stop!