Jane’s Addiction
“Skin and Bones”
March 4, 1989
Barrymore’s
Ottawa, Canada

1. Up the Beach
2.  Whores
3.  1%
4. Idiots Rule
5. Ted, Just Admit it
6. Standing in the Shower
7. Bobhaus
8. Pigs in Zen
9. Summertime Rolls
PSI-COM DEMOS – Radio Tokyo Venice, CA 1984
10.  14th Floor
11. Cat
12. Karuna
13.  14th Floor
14.  Cat
15.  Karuna
16. New York Telephone skit

The following is from www.janesaddiction.org.
This is a very rare, and highly sought after bootleg. This is thanks to the inclusion of the Psi Com demos.
The Jane's Addiction show itself is very good. While the recording apparently came from the soundboard, tape degeneration and other issues make for poor sound. This is quite unfortunate since the show itself is pretty entertaining.
This is also one of the few boots to include a Canadian show. One of the bouncers at this show was apparently being a bit too rough on the crowd for Perry's taste, so during Pigs in Zen, he sang "The Bouncer is a Pig" and verbally assaulted him throughout the song.
Other performance notes of interest about the show are the amusing band introductions by Perry during Ted, Just Admit It and references to the World Wrestling Federation.
However, the prize of this disc is the six Psi Com demos. While the disc lists seven demos, there are in fact only six, the final track labeled a demo is actually a comedy bit called New York Telephone that a tape trader added to the end of his tape as filler, and ended up on this disc as well as the Pigs in Zen disc. No one is quite sure who the author of that track is, but everyone agrees that it is damn funny.
The six demos themselves are in fact only three songs. The first three have Perry on vocals, while the final three are the same instrumental versions found on the Pigs in Zen disc.
The biggest detraction on this disc is the poor mastering. Multiple songs ended up on the same track. The track listing shown here is the actual arrangement of the tracks and not what is listed on the disc itself.

Track Listings:1.Up the Beach2.Whores3.1%4.Idiots Rule
Ted, Just Admit It...5.Standing in the Shower
Pigs in Zen6a.Summertime Rolls6b.Psi Com Demos
14th Floor6c.Psi Com Demos
Cat6d.Psi Com Demos
Karuna7a.Psi Com Demos
14th Floor7b.Psi Com Demos
Cat8.Psi Com Demos
Karuna9.Psi Com Demos
New York Telephone
Track Origins:Tracks 1-6a:03/04/1989 - Barrymores, Ottawa, ONTracks 6b-8:??/??/1984 - Radio Tokyo, Venice, CA
