FORGET THE RUMOURS... WE'RE STILL ALIVE [DELUXE EDITION]

Uses a direct rip of the silver CD, EQ'd to bring out the bass and take down the hiss. Also mixed on the parts of the recording that were omitted from the CD, including a few seconds at the start and about 10 minutes at the end. These "previously unreleased" parts were taken from an old unknown generation cassette and are somewhat lower quality, though I cleaned them up the best I could and corrected the speed.

brought to you by:
somediverswhistle.com - The Internet's Longest-Running Jane's Addiction Website.. ha, cool.

____________________________
info from janesaddiction.org

Jane's Addiction - July 07, 1990 - Forest Preserve, Mt. Baldy, CA
Date: 	July 07, 1990
Location: 	Forest Preserve, Mt. Baldy, CA
Recorded: 	Audio & Video
Status: 	Confirmed
Type: 	Concert
Lineup: 	
Perry Farrell
Dave Navarro
Steve Perkins
Eric Avery
Charlie Bisharat

Set List:
Trip Away
Had A Dad
Pigs In Zen
Ain't No Right
Then She Did...
Been Caught Stealing
Idiots Rule
Whores
Of Course
Up The Beach
Ocean Size
Mountain Song
Stop!
Three Days

Show Information:

This was the first headlining show of the Ritual era. It was a special invite-only show in an outdoor amphitheater in Mt. Baldy, CA. Jane's Addiction played at one end of a pool with fans around and inside the pool itself. Peter DiStefano, guitarist for Porno for Pyros attended this show and can be seen in some video footage standing on the diving board.

The show was professionally filmed, at least in part, with footage being used to create the "Stop!" music video.

Recording Information:

Soundboard recording. 68:06. Released on the bootleg CD Forget The Rumours We're Still Alive. Good sound, but the mix isn't always great (sometimes the guitar is too loud, bass too quiet, etc). There is also a longer, less common version of this recording which includes a few additional seconds at the start, plus about 10 minutes on the end which were omitted from the bootleg CD, including part of "Three Days" (unfortunately cut after the first half or so). 78:14.
There also exists a video recording in circulation shot from the stage, but it is rough quality and incomplete, only about 45 minutes long. And the pro-shot footage, from which the "Stop" video was culled, has not been circulated among fans.
It also should be noted that "Three Days" was most likely not the final song played at the show, though no known recordings are complete so it's tough to say for sure.

Notable Moments:

This show marks the earliest known live performances of "Been Caught Stealing" and "Of Course". It is likely also the first time since 1987 that "Then She Did" and "Three Days" had been played live.

Dave has problems with his guitar cutting out several times during the show, especially in "Of Course".

This show does not feature Morgan Fichter on violin ("Then She Did" & "Of Course") unlike most of the 90-91 JA shows, but rather Charlie Bisharat, who performed on the album Ritual de lo Habitual.

"Didn't you guys read the instructions? This is supposed to be topless."

Before "Of Course":
"I dedicate this song to the outdoors... what's left of it."


Also Found on These Professional Bootlegs:
Forget The Rumours... We're Still Alive   (partial recording)

