Jane's Addiction
City Coliseum 
Austin, TeXas
February 10, 1991


01. Up The Beach 
02. Whores 
03. Idiots Rule 
04. Standing In The Shower... Thinking 
05. Ain't No Right 
06. Three Days 
07. Been Caught Stealing 
08. 1% 
09. Then She Did... 
10. Mountain Song 
11. Stop! > encore cheer

12. Of Course 
13. Ocean Size


Lineage: 
Unknown. An EAC log is included. "Then She Did..." has a dropout and short repeated segment at 6:02 + dropout and destructive edit (tape flip ?) at 6:38.


Show Information:

Soul Asylum was originally scheduled to open, but had to pull out due to Dave Pirner being sick. Chainsaw Kittens opened in their place.

The second poster is a reproduction from the Live & Profane silverback bootleg. Thanks go out to Mike for finding the third poster and for the article.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Austin American-Statesman
February 12, 1991
Edition: FINAL
Section: AMUSEMENTS
Page: D5
Column: Don McLeese

Jane's Addiction makes own rules
Author: Don McLeese
AUSTIN AMERICAN-STATESMAN

In a period of play-it-safe conservatism and "just say no" repression, a band such as Jane's Addiction sounds all the more liberating. From its base as a metal band, it has moved beyond that genre's rigid conventions to invent its own sound, make its own rules. Amid the Led Zep clones and Guns N' Roses wannabes that follow a narrow path, Jane's Addiction has committed itself to exploring uncharted territory, where the stream-of-subconcious ramblings of Perry Farrell meet the seemingly inexhaustible guitar riffing of Dave Navarro.

Of course, addictions are rarely easy to satisfy, and the Jane's Addiction concert at the City Coliseum Sunday offered an aggravating prelude. Those arriving at the band's only Texas concert found themselves in a two-line, stop-and-search cattle call that stretched as long as three blocks. ("Enjoy the movie," said the rent-a-cop after I'd passed my second frisk.)

Then came the unannounced replacement of Soul Asylum as opening act by the Chainsaw Kittens (who didn't identify themselves until after their second song; Soul Asylum was a late scratch because of an illness to frontman Dave Pirner). By the end of the band's 40-minute set, the audience's reaction had switched from mild interest to blank indifference to active hostility.

The crowd was obviously primed for Jane's Addiction, and the band didn't disappoint. Whatever erraticism marked earlier stops on the band's tour (a short set in Philadelphia practically caused a riot, and there have been rumors throughout of the band's disbanding), Sunday's set was charged with an adventurous spirit that rarely crossed into self-indulgence. Where too much metal is simply posing, Jane's Addiction is an exciting band for all the right reasons.

With performances Friday and Saturday at the Cactus Cafe, Shoulders celebrated the release of its Love Is My Crime cassette - which last-minute shoppers might consider as a twisted aural Valentine. Though much of the band's material is unabashedly romantic - with cello and parade drum taking the place of hearts and flowers - it is drenched in the darker hues of such obsessiveness.

You could say that the band's new offering is a concept album, but you might just as well say that life is a concept album. Frontman Michael Slattery is occasionally a little too literary for the music's own good, but the range of Shoulders is such that each song reflects another dimension of the band's artistry - and sheds fresh light on all the others.

Also celebrating a new release are the Vanguards, whose The Last Supper finds the band refocusing its musical style. Following the split with accordionist Fred Jarmon, the band recently suffered the untimely loss of drummer/percussionist John "Mambo" Treanor (whom the legal system has made unavailable for alleged horticultural transgressions).

Without the Cajun coloring of the accordion and Treanor's rubboard, the band that re-emerged at the Continental Club last week was less zydeco and more rock. The combination of George Rarey's slide guitar, Spencer Jarmon's soulful vocals and the music's bayou rhythms can't help but recall Little Feat, but the band at its best draws from the same influences as Little Feat to create a sound that is all the Vanguards' own.

The busy band will highlight the Mardi Gras festivities tonight at the 311 Club, return to the 311 for a Valentine's bill Thursday with Two Hoots and a Holler and then team with Two Hoots for a Saturday show at the Continental.

Quick picks: Tonight's bill at the Cannibal Club presents New York's Blues Traveler, fronted by harmonica virtuoso John Popper. Rather than being blues revivalists, the band plays with a spirit that is more like a cross of progressive psychedelia and free-form jazz. Those who have heard the band live insist that its recent debut album on A&M doesn't begin to do Blues Traveler justice.

When Butch Hancock plays Wednesday at the Cactus Cafe, it wouldn't be a surprise if Jimmie Dale Gilmore and Jesse Taylor join him before the evening's through. The date provides a warm-up before the road trip the three are taking through the chilly North this month.

This debut of a Tuesday column is an addition to, not a replacement of, my regular column in Thursday's Onward section. Most of the time, I'll try on Tuesdays to look back or ahead at the live music being played here.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
