Jane's Addiction
2001-10-21
Auburn Hills, MI, USA @ The Palace Of Auburn Hills

Equipment:  Mini Disc --- Radioshack Lavaliers > Sony MZ-R700
Transfer: Mini Disc-Master > Tascam MD-301MKII > Optical to Coaxial > Audiophile 24/96 > WAV 44.1 > FLAC > traders little helper > You (01/2025)
Taping Position: Dead-Center Mezzanine Seating
Gen: 0
Taper: MITAPER78

Notes 2025: The microphones used for this recording were not amazing but, at the time, certainly did the trick for a University student with no money who wanted to tape concerts. I did a fresh transfer of this source and some light EQ but there is no denying the restraints posed by the microphones not to mention the compression from the Mini Disc technology but then again back in 2001 this was accepted technology. As it is, this came out great for the microphones used as well as the position we were at for the show. The sound is not audiophile but clean enough with enough range that it can stand on two feet, so to speak Hopefully, this ends up in a collectors' collection and fills-in a hole. 

Notes to myself from 2001: Been listening to JA since 1990 & was just happy to see them live.  Was not sure what to expect at a JA show but they delivered some music to Detroit, very nice. Very interesting that they opened with Kettle Whistle, I did not expect that but was very happy to hear it - one of their best songs, IMO. The concert was not anywhere near sold-out as, remember, JA had not released any album nor toured since...what, 1993 - maybe 1994? They did pack a decent crowd this night & the majority of those in attendance were older than I. Tickets were too expensive, IMO, & I saw concert tees that were over $85. Tell you, Perry is just such a flamer it is funny... wore a boa, top hat & at one point, pants w/o any backs on the ass. Yuck.  But, whatever. The band had strippers on poles, men dancing as birds & lots of energy. The stage performance & vibe was sort of like a circus, maybe the JA tour was what inspired Lollapalooza to begin with. The acoustic part of the show, the band came out from the main stage & was escorted onto a platform right behind the soundbooth (right in front of where we were sitting). So, for that part of the show, we had front row. All in all, a good time & a concert experience I cannot wait to experience again. 

Setlist - included in torrent w/ticket

DJ Intro
Kettle Whistle
Ocean Size
Ain't No Right
Stop
Summertime Rolls
DJ
Jane Says
Night Moves (Bob Segar cover)
Classic Girl
Hungry
Jubliee
DJ
Obvious
Mountain Song
Ted, Just Admit It
Chip Away
DJ
