The band: Jane's Addiction 
Venue: Spreckels Theatre
Location: San Diego, California USA 
Date: February 8, 2003
Source: Audience - Taped from balcony in the second row
Lineage: DAT master 
Recording Equipment: Sony DAT PCM-M1 w/ Oade Brothers mics 
The Taper: The Ramblin' Taper
Engineering and mastering: John Atyim 
Artwork by: Eric 
Title: A Naked Blessing 
Label: Let It Rip Productions 
Set list: 
(79:55)
1. Up the Beach/Had a Dad 
2. Stop 
3. Ain't No Right 
4. Three Days 
5. Ted Just Admit It 
6. Price I Pay 
7. Wrong Girl 
8. Then She Did 
9. Ocean Size
First Encore
10. Summertime Rolls 
11. Mountain Song
Second Encore
12. Jane Says

Perry Farrell - vocals  
Dave Navarro - guitar  
Stephen Perkins - drums  
Chris Chaney - bass  

Here is the very first LIR Production of a Jane's Addiction show, and let me tell you I'm proud and
overjoyed to bring this recording out to you. And let explain why, this is *my* type of audience
recording where the instruments come through clearly and you hear the crowd singing along with Perry,
That is so cool ! I would have to give this type of recording a VG+/EX- in my opinion, not just because
I engineered it, but, some of you know when you take a liking to recording there is just no denying
that it will be relished in somebody's collection. I swear after you take a listen to this show, you'll be
convinced there wasn't a person attending that night that wasn't a Jane's Addiction fan, or they became
one ! As you look at the set list the band is playing their favorites as well as introducing new songs.
When I was coming out of my teenage years I went to see Jane's Addiction in 1987 and 1989,
and had a great time attending those shows, got plenty of exercise in the pit too ! lol !!  Well, in
any case, they were truly a unique band, it's too bad they are no longer together. 

As far as the actual engineering of the show I decided to add some mid-range EQ and then normalized, and you
probably know the reason I did that, TO BRING OUT THE VOCALS MORE !!  YEAH !!
I want to thank Eric for the artwork that he did for this, a really nice job too ! The title to the show has
no special meaning, it was just sort of a concept we were building upon based around the lead singer of
Jane's Addiction and his stage antics. Don't worry, we censored what needed to be censored on the
artwork so that nobody will have a heart attack, lol !!! So, now are you ready for a real rock 'n' roll
concert ? The kind of concert that makes you want to strip down and rock out in the buff ? Hey,
why not ?
Lastly as with all Let It Rip Productions they are put out solely for sharing, trading and or torrent only.
Please, do not exchange currency for these type of recordings.
Enjoy !
John  
