Artist: Jane's Addiction
Venue: Bardot
Location: Hollywood, CA
Date: May 5, 2010

Taper: Handsome Mike
Recording Title: To Be Determined

Thanks Go Out To: filthpurveyer for loaning me his back-up rig!

Above and Beyond: Massive thanks must be heaped upon Perry, Dave, Stephen, Duff,
and the entire Jane's Addiction camp for flying Erik and me out for the show.
No flight equals no recording!

Recording Info: Recorded while standing as close to center as I could get.
It wasn't as close to center as I would have liked but the best I could do.
I was for the most part right in front of Dave, maybe ten feet back if that.

Recording Equipment: Sony D6 with a Sony ECM-MS957 external mic

Lineage Info: Master Cassette Tape

Transfer Info:
Master Cassette Tapes played on my Kenwood KT - 56W cassette deck -->
Line in Creative Sound Card using gold plated RCA jacks -->
CD Wave used to split into tracks -->
TLH was used to check for SBE's and to convert to FLAC (level 8)

Track Listing / Set List:

01. Shameless Plug For The Best Jane's Addiction Website On The Internet
02. Stop!
03. Mountain Song
04. Had A Dad
05. Soul Mate
06. Whores
07. Pigs In Zen
08. Ain't No Right
09. Ocean Size

Known Issues & General Info: I tested the levels prior to the band hitting the stage
using the house music which was very loud. However Jane's was a hell of a lot louder!
Due to this during the very beginning of Stop! the levels are a little high.
Not to the point of distraction or anything and I quickly made adjustments.

There was a beautiful young lady right behind me taking pictures during the show.
She asked me prior to the show starting if she could get in front of me to take some.
Being a gentlemen I told her "sure just tap me on the shoulder and I'll let you."
Well that's her you hear asking to get in front of me before Mountain Song instead
of tapping me on the shoulder. O well she was smoking hot!

At the beginning of Pigs In Zen and again at the beginning of Ocean Size there is
a very loud whooshing of compressed air that was used to send confetti flying.
There's nothing I could have done to prevent that from making its way onto the
recording and I just wanted to point it out so when you listen you'll know WTF it is.


This recording is a janesaddiction.org exclusive!
Please do not repost the megaupload link, it is for our members only.
We will be providing a torrent link shortly.


Enjoy Jane's Addiction!