Jane's Addiction
Ottawa Bluesfest
July 16, 2011
MBNA Stage
Ottawa Ontario Canada

Taped by:  bootlegottawa

H2 Zoom > Audacityu > Traders Little Helper > Torrent

setlist

01 Up The Beach  
02 Mountain Song
03 Ain't No Right  
04 Had a Dad 
05 Ted, Just Admit It...  
06 Just Because  
07 End to the Lies 
08 Three Days 
09 Been Caught Stealing  
10 Ocean Size  
11 Stop! 
Encore:
12 Jane Says 

Janes Addiction in my nations capital for the first time (I believe) since
they played Barrymores in 1988 (bootlegged!!).

Pretty good sound...now for a porno for pyros reunion!!!

Ottawa Citizen

"Alternative rockers Jane’s Addiction closed out the last Saturday of Bluesfest with a loud, raucous set led by ever-entertaining frontman Perry Farrell.

Jane’s has gone through numerous lineup changes since its first formation 25 or more years ago and while the band is now very much Farrell’s project, it is an exceptionally good band.

Farrell emerged a minute or so after his three sidemen armed with a microphone and what appeared to be a bottle of red wine — wine, certainly, the colour a question mark.

The stage was a sea of white light, contrasting Farrell’s clinging black outfit.

This was a rock show, pure and simple, and a great crowd pleaser — loud, well-lit with some great flashes of individual skill and the occasional incongruous appearance of two writhing females grooving alone to the music.

Guitarist Dave Navarro, tattooed and nipple-ringed, is straight out of central casting and a heck of a player.

There was no talk, just one tune after another. Good sound, perfectly choreographed lights and tight, road-tested music. 

Earlier, Ganga Girl and his didgeridoo fitted the weather and mood perfectly on sweltering Saturday.

The temperature hit Australian summer heights and the joyous music gave the audience a perfect bounce into the darker sessions to come.

Sadly the audience, which grew massively for Jane’s Addiction, was tiny, especially for such a beautiful weekend evening, although it grew — not by much, but to a point where the band must have felt it had something to work with



Read more: http://www.ottawacitizen.com/entertainment/Review+Jane+Addiction+delivers+true+rock+show/5114624/story.html#ixzz1ShoYUsff"