WILCO
Mississippi Nights, St. Louis, MO
December 23, 1994

Source: CSB mics (battery box, low-end roll-off) clipped on glasses > Denon DTR-80P (DAT, 16/48)
Transfer: edited DAT copy (split using analog cables, EQ) > Tascam DA-20 > M-Audio Audiophile USB > PC > Audacity (edits, normalization) > CD Wave Editor (tracking) > FLAC (level 8)

Taped and transferred by mrpember

This is a 16/48 recording

01- Don’t Wanna Walk Where He Walked
02- Shouldn’t Be Ashamed
03- I Must Be High
04- Box Full of Letters
    No Sense in Lovin’ (not recorded)
05- New Madrid
06- That’s Not the Issue
07- Pick Up the Change (has a cut)
08- Wait Up (has a cut)
09- Long Cut
10- Too Far Apart
11- If That’s Alright (Jeff solo)
12- We’ve Been Had
13- Passenger Side
14- Casino Queen (major issues at the end)

Encore 1
15- Gun (Jeff solo)
16- Black Eye (Jeff solo)

Encore 2
17- Reincarnation [Roger Miller cover]
18- Pecan Pie
19- Who Were You Thinking Of [Texas Tornados cover]
20- Let's Hear It For Rock and Roll
21- Outta Mind, Outta Site

Encore 3
22- Wherever
23- Listen to Her Heart [Tom Petty cover]

Encore 4
24- Acuff-Rose (Jeff solo)

LINEUP

Jeff Tweedy: guitar, vocals
Jay Bennett: guitar, vocals
John Stirratt: bass, vocals
Max Johnston: fiddle, lap steel, dobro, mandolin, banjo
Ken Coomer: drums

NOTES

This was Wilco's first official show in St. Louis after playing what was basically a rehearsal show at Cicero's a month earlier under the name Black Shampoo. Fun show, pretty standard setlist for that time but at that time AM was still four months from being released and as an Uncle Tupelo geek it was a great surprise during those very early shows to hear "If That's Alright," "Black Eye," and "No Sense in Lovin" that as far as I know Uncle Tupelo never played live, as well as the ANODYNE outtake "Wherever." The covers were also a lot of fun, "Who Were You Thinking Of" by the Texas Tornados was a nice surprise. Then there is his major kiss-off to Jay Farrar, "Let's Hear It For Rock and Roll."

The recording is a mess. I don't recall if it was the mics or the mini-input jack on my DAT deck, but one of them developed a short around this time and one channel often had a bunch of drop outs. For this show that channel was out about 75% of the time, and there were also numerous dropouts on the other channel. And somehow I guess I hit 'pause' just before "No Sense in Lovin" so that wasn't recorded at all. Because of all the problems I never included it on my trade list, but 4-5 years later I met a fairly obsessive collector who wanted absolutely everything, so to try and make it listenable I split the "good" channel over both channels using analog cables and I'm pretty sure I ran it through my equalizer. I think I then reused the original DAT so this edited mono version is all that exists. Because of the issues I had never listened to this all the way through until today, and to my surprise I enjoyed it even with the many flaws. I did what I could to fix many, many gaps and flaws, you will definitely notice them but I don't think it is distracting except for the end of "Casino Queen" which is a major mess (I did the best I could, you should have heard it before). Big fans of early Wilco and (the many) Wilco completists will hopefully find some things they enjoy here.

The hometown crowd is quite rowdy and calls them back for four encores. You may notice that one gentleman is extremely interested in hearing "Pecan Pie."

The Bottle Rockets opened this show and slayed.

mrpember, December 23, 2020