Wilco 11/23/99

aud master cass>cool edit>master cdr>eac>wav>flac

2 high impediance/wide response condenser mics going into a 
stereo radio shack brand cassette recorder. The maxell xl 
II S master cassettes were then transferred for me by some
kind rustie back in 2000.

I am almost positive there is a sbd recording of this,
if you have it - please seed it. I'd love a copy. Anyway,
I'm not exactly proud of this one. While waiting in line
I found out that the Old 97's were also playing this 
evening. I taped them but they were a bit louder and so
the recording has some distortion. Having secured a 
designated driver and then having spent and hour and a 
half in line - I proceeded to work my way through about
a dozen Newcastle Brown Ale's during Outrageous Cherry
and a very impressive set by the Old 97's (my first time
seeing them) I had stopped drinking by the end of the 97's
set but the damage was done. I'm not the only fool talking
on here but there is plenty of me. I was front row, center.
When Jeff says "I oughta slap that hat right off your head,"
that was me though I was being obnoxious - only giving him 
the so/so sign after they screwed up both Summer Teeth and
How To Fight Loneliness. I also caught Jeff's mic stand when
he knocked it over, I just kinda tossed it up back to him.
Vocals are a bit low for the first two songs, but they get
stronger as the show goes on. Decent recording, not as good
as my CSNY or Roger Waters shows, but not bad. I hardly 
listen to it - too embarrassing, but man was it fun!!!!

Again, if you have the sbd, please, please seed. Old 97's, too. 


Disc One
Via Chicago
Candyfloss
Summer Teeth
I'm Always in Love
I Must Be High
How To Fight Loneliness
Hotel Arizona
Red Eyed and Blue
I Got You
nothingsevergonnastandinmyway (again)
She's a Jar
A Shot in the Arm
Misunderstood
My Darling
Hesitating Beauty
Christ For President
Passenger Side
I Can't Stand It

Disc Two
Forget the Flowers
New Madrid
California Stars
Casino Queen
Outta Mind (outtasite)
Kingpin
Hoodoo Voodoo
Immigrant Song (JP)

for artwork please see
http://www.wilcobase.com/event.php?event_key=660

Enjoy!!!