Wilco
July 5, 2000
Bank Of America Pavilion
Boston, Massachusetts

unknown AUD [DAT ?] Master > ? > FLAC > Sound Forge Pro 12.1 > CD Wave 1.98 > TLH > FLAC


01 Secret Of The Sea
02 Airline To Heaven
03 Feed Of Man
04 Remember the Mountain Bed
05 Hesitating Beauty
06 Blood Of The Lamb
07 California Stars
08 Red-Eyed And Blue >
09 I Got You (At The End Of The Century) >
10 Someone Else's Song
11 She's A Jar
12 Misunderstood
13 Casino Queen

60:07


I've found out that there are many Wilco shows up to ~2005 that have probably never been torrented (at least not since ~2005)
but have only been traded, presumably in the last years of traditional trading. Somehow, these shows were forgotten in the first
waves of torrenting - or deemed not worthy of digital distribution ... or simply those traders in possesion never made the step to
torrenting and then stopped trading altogether, like most everybody did.
I've searched high and low, checked countless old lists and sent a lot of asking mails to ancient email addresses. About half of them
bounced, another quarter didn't reply - and the ones that did hadn't traded (or stopped collecting) in a long time. But then I
found some nice persons who were willing to share shows with me. 
Arrangements were made and in 2018/19 I was able to share almost 30 Wilco and Jeff Tweedy shows with you.
As a result, a couple more Wilco collectors got in touch and provided me with some more shows that I'll be able to share with you,
some have never circulated, others have not been torrented for a long, long while.
I still have not listened to them all, most need some work. I guess many of the original CDs are flawed by now,
but most can be rescued or restored with just some problems remaining, it'll take some time, please be patient. 

If anybody knows of or has a connection to 'old-time' Wilco traders or even tapers, please ask them to get in touch,
there are still a couple dozen shows out there that are known to have been recorded and traded in the pre-torrent era.

notes to the 2020 edition:
Most everything fine with this, just a few clicks and gaps had to be repaired at every track transition, no bigger problems - except that the recording is very distant. 
Many thanks to Henrik.

[2020-10-26]


Respect the Artists
Never sell - for trade only
Please do not encode to lossy formats