Wilco
May 15, 2002
Rockefeller
Oslo, Norway

unknown AUD DAT Master > ? > FLAC > Sound Forge Pro 12.1 > CD Wave 1.98 > TLH > FLAC


01 I Am Trying To Break Your Heart
02 War On War
03 Kamera
04 Radio Cure
05 A Shot In The Arm
06 She's A Jar
07 Ashes Of American Flags
08 Why Would You Wanna Live
09 Pot Kettle Black
10 Heavy Metal Drummer
11 How To Fight Loneliness
12 I'm The Man Who Loves You
13 Not For The Season >
14 Reservations %
15 Jesus, Etc.
16 Hesitating Beauty
17 California Stars
18 Monday >
19 Red-Eyed And Blue >
20 I Got You (At The End Of The Century) >
21 Outtasite (Outta Mind) 


103:26


I've found out that there are many Wilco shows up to ~2005 that have probably never been torrented (at least not since ~2005)
but have only been traded, presumably in the last years of traditional trading. Somehow, these shows were forgotten in the first
waves of torrenting - or deemed not worthy of digital distribution ... or simply those traders in possesion never made the step to
torrenting and then stopped trading altogether, like most everybody did.
I've searched high and low, checked countless old lists and sent a lot of asking mails to ancient email addresses. About half of them
bounced, another quarter didn't reply - and the ones that did hadn't traded (or stopped collecting) in a long time. But then I
found some nice persons who were willing to share shows with me. 
Arrangements were made and in 2018/19 I was able to share almost 30 Wilco and Jeff Tweedy shows with you.
As a result, a couple more Wilco collectors got in touch and provided me with some more shows that I'll be able to share with you,
some have never circulated, others have not been torrented for a long, long while.
I still have not listened to them all, most need some work. I guess many of the original CDs are flawed by now,
but most can be rescued or restored with just some problems remaining, it'll take some time, please be patient. 

If anybody knows of or has a connection to 'old-time' Wilco traders or even tapers, please ask them to get in touch,
there are still a couple dozen shows out there that are known to have been recorded and traded in the pre-torrent era.

notes to the 2020 edition:
Excellent recording of a fine show with Jeff talking to and interacting with the audience the whole time, cracking jokes and telling stories.
Most everything fine with this, a few clicks had to be repaired. But there are small problems from the Disc extraction (or the original
DAT transfer) towards the end of Not for the Seson and throughout Reservations. Not very audible for the most part but nonetheless 
annoying in that very quiet song. I've done my best but some artefacts remain. Many thanks to Henrik.

[2020-11-01 > 03]



Respect the Artists
Never sell - for trade only
Please do not encode to lossy formats