Wilco
September 6, 2003
Shoreline Amphitheatre
Mountain View, California
KFOG Summer Picnic

Source: Schoeps MK4 > KCY > mod-Lemosax > SBM-1 > D100
Conversion: D100 > VXpocket > Soundforge 6.0 > Waves LinEQ > Waves MB > CD Wav > shntool > shorten32 
[> Sound Forge Pro 17 > CD Wave 1.98 > TLH 2.84 > FLAC]
Originally compiled by Alex Kabella

01 A Magazine Called Sunset 
02 Box Full Of Letters
03 Kingpin
04 I'm The Man Who Loves You
05 Poor Places
06 Reservations
07 I Am Trying To Break Your Heart
08 Jesus, Etc.
09 Should've Been In Love
10 One By One	
11 California Stars
12 War On War
13 Kicking Television	


57:48


I've found out that there are many Wilco shows up to ~2005 that have probably never been torrented (at least not since ~2005)
but have only been traded, presumably in the last years of traditional trading. Somehow, these shows were forgotten in the first
waves of torrenting - or deemed not worthy of digital distribution ... or simply those traders in possesion never made the step to
torrenting and then stopped trading altogether, like most everybody did.
I've searched high and low, checked countless old lists and sent a lot of asking mails to ancient email addresses. About half of them
bounced, another quarter didn't reply - and the ones that did hadn't traded (or stopped collecting) in a long time. But then I
found some nice persons who were willing to share shows with me. 
Arrangements were made and in 2018/19 I was able to share almost 30 Wilco and Jeff Tweedy shows with you.
As a result, a couple more Wilco collectors got in touch and provided me with some more shows that I'll be able to share with you,
some have never circulated, others have not been torrented for a long, long while.
I still have not listened to them all, most need some work. I guess many of the original CDs are flawed by now,
but most can be rescued or restored with just some problems remaining, it'll take some time, please be patient. 

If anybody knows of or has a connection to 'old-time' Wilco traders or even tapers, please ask them to get in touch,
there are still a couple dozen shows out there that are known to have been recorded and traded in the pre-torrent era.

notes to the 2023 edition:
Short 'festival' set, but what a nice setlist !
Received this as an almost flawless set of SHN files. I repaired the low volume on the first half of the first track
where the taper is searching for the best recording level. Other that that I just converted to FLAC, everything else remained untouched.
Many thanks to Jeff !

[2023-06-14 + 17]


Respect the Artists
Never sell - for trade only
Please do not encode to lossy formats