Wilco
“I Swear I Can Tape”
Music Hall at Fair Park
Dallas, TX
November 29, 2011
Taper:  V4TX
DPA4061>Sony D100 DAT>CDRW66>EAC>FLAC
Disc One:
1. One Sunday Morning (Song For Jane Smiley's Boyfriend)
2. Poor Places-patched with a portion of Trustthex’s source
3. Art of Almost
4. I Might
5. I Am Trying to Break Your Heart-1st taping debate-
6. One Wing-2nd taping debate-
7. Bull Black Nova
8. Black Moon
9. Impossible Germany
10. Born Alone
11. Jesus, Etc.
12. Fade Out

Disc Two:

1. Disc 1 overlap
2. Capitol City
3. Handshake Drugs
4. Dawned on Me
5. Hummingbird 
6. Whole Love
7. Shot in the Arm
8.  Passenger Side
9.  Heavy Metal Drummer /
10. I'm the Man Who Loves You

Pretty nice show and recording, could have used more vocals, but a nice listen.  The title has dual meaning.  First in Poor Places I dropped my phone on the recorder while checking levels and it shocked the DAT into stopping.  In all the years of taping with this gear that was a first.  The second meaning is the debate I had with a security person over whether I could record the show or not.  I left it in as it really isn’t much more annoying than talkers.  The security lady, who apparently just got done eating peanut butter judging from her breath, was adamant I could not tape.  I tried to point out that the signs posted by Wilco that said no video or cell phones was actually pasted over the “No audio recording” signs the venue has up permanently for it’s musicals.  She went to get her manager who knew the rules and once she realized it was audio only left me alone.  It’s funny, the only two time I have been “busted” for taping has been at shows that allow taping, this show and The Cowboy Junkies.  The funny part at the Junkies show was after telling the staff member the band actually encourages taping, I pointed to the 2 booms with microphones set up by other tapers and asked, “What do you think those are for”?  That guy also went to talk to his manager, but never came back.  But I digress….  Faded out before the encore as I really didn’t want to share my conversation with my neighbor about getting caught taping.  No music is missing.  The tracks were done on the fly so they are not perfect.  Enjoy.
