Wilco puts it all together for show at Mobile Saenger Theatre
Published: Wednesday, May 04, 2011, 12:58 AM     
Updated: Wednesday, May 04, 2011, 1:02 AM
Lawrence F. Specker, Press-Register By Lawrence F. Specker, Press-Register 

Here’s one more surprise about the band Wilco: Years from now, when all is said and done, 
the verdict might turn out to be that its greatest strength was never its capacity for striking 
out in new directions, but instead its ability to pull it all together into a coherent whole.

It’s a strange conclusion, but one that was perfectly easy to draw during the Chicago-based 
group’s show Tuesday night at the Mobile Saenger Theatre.

For a decade starting in the middle ‘90s, the ensemble led by songwriter-guitarist 
Jeff Tweedy regularly thwarted expectations. There were lineup changes, not always 
amicable. There was a shift from pioneering alt-country to sometimes abrasive alt-rock 
(with a detour into folk along the way). There was record-label infighting and rehab.

Things have been smoother since 2005. The band has evolved into a more cohesive 
partnership that has continued to make innovative music. Its last two releases made 
the Top 5 on the album chart. A new one due out this year likely will do the same.

Basically, Wilco has reached a point where it could easily fill a 90-minute set with its
 more recent, more commercially successful material and leave everything else behind.

But what it did was to roam through its whole catalog, using the disparate material to
 piece together a set as seamless as a good novel.

The mood was set early. The first song, “Ashes of American Flags,” opened softly, 
with lyrics that at times recalled the band’s country roots, but built to an almost jazzlike 
intensity as lead guitarist Nels Cline soloed near the end.

Next came “Bull Black Nova,” a recent tune which, on disc, has a cinematic vividness
 and a claustrophobic, driving energy. On stage it had all that and more: The throb of 
the band was like the pulse of an idling locomotive, radiating heat as it eased
 into unstoppable motion.

The six musicians didn’t just demonstrate that they are capable of re-creating 
or revisiting anything Wilco has ever done. They own it. They can do whatever they
 want with it. And that came as good news to an audience that seems to appreciate 
the whole spectrum, from the most dissonant rock to the sweetest ballad.

Against all odds, Tweedy, the man who wrote “I Am Trying to Break Your Heart,” 
seems to have settled into a committed relationship with his listeners.

“You guys are kind of restless,” he said after ‘A Shot in the Arm’ got a big ovation. 
“That’s nice.”

Not long after that, he showed a flash of humor around the song “When You Wake
 Up Feeling Old.”

“This song was a request on our website by approximately four of you,” he said by 
way of introduction, advising everyone else to hit the restrooms or concession stands
 if they weren’t into it. After finishing the poppy, thoroughly sweet ballad, he joked, 
“Whenever we play a song like that from the mid ‘90s, I understand why people
 lament the loss of our edge.”

The next tune, the Woody Guthrie-based “Airline to Heaven,” brought the audience 
to its feet, where it stayed for the remaining 50 minutes of the show (including a 
loose, six-song encore). “Jesus, Etc.” became a singalong, as did “Misunderstood;” 
the band rocked out on an epic “Spiders (Kidsmoke)” to close the main set.

The singing and the standing and the clapping reveal that Wilco’s neatest trick is 
really no surprise at all. The band may like to push boundaries, but it’s never lost 
sight of rock and roll fundamentals: If your music moves people, they’ll follow you 
anywhere. 