  
   Wilco Forbidden Fruit Festival Dublin Ireland 4 June 2012.
   Big Jim Master Mini Disk (Atrac Codec) Audience Recording.

   Contrast Clause For This Torrent.This Recording Is Available At The Moment On DIME As Torrent Number 408046
   Uploaded Bu Kagee1 with Hugh Thanks To you.
   This Is A Diffrent Recording Of The Same Concert Using Diffrent Equipment And From a Diffrent Location.
   Recorded By Big Jim with Hugh Thanks To You.
   End Of Contrast Clause.

   Following Is Big Jims Info File.

  Here’s the Wilco details…

  Wilco 
  Forbidden Fruit Festival 
  Royal Hospital Kilmainham 
  Dublin 
  4 June 2012 (Alternate source**)

  Taped by BigJim on a Sharp MD-MT190 with a Vivanco EM216 Mic
  Transferred and Uploaded by Johnos

  ** This is a different recording than the terrific sounding one made by Kagee1 and uploaded here on June 5th.

  Location: Midway between Soundboard and Stage..Dead Centre (about 2 metre’s behind Kagee1)

  01 Art of Almost 
  02 I Might 
  03 Via Chicago 
  04 Spiders (Kidsmoke) (acoustic arrangement) 
  05 Impossible Germany 
  06 Born Alone 
  07 Laminated Cat (aka Not For the Season) 
  08 Whole Love 
  09 Too Far Apart 
  10 I'm Always in Love 
  11 Heavy Metal Drummer 
  12 I'm The Man Who Loves You 
  13 Monday 
  14 Outtasite (Outta Mind) 
  15 Dawned On Me 
  16 Shot In the Arm

  Tapers Note:

  A fabulous Festival-ish type Set by the Mighty Wilco with a few rare songs thrown into the mix.
  Six live debut’s for me (including the excellent acoustic rendition of 'Spiders') so I cannot quibble!
  Jeff was mistaken about ‘Too Far Apart’ though , as we got this on Night #2 of a stonking Two Night Stand in Vicar St back in November 2007.
  The only downside was the yappers..why do these folks even bother going to a show? ..Anyway I moved about a metre to avoid these gobshite’s on two occasions.
  So it’s not perfect but it sounds pretty okay to me.

  Huge Thanks for Johnos for transferring and uploading.

  To borrow a quote from Songhunter…”It is what it is!

  Enjoy!

  BigJim.


  Transfer Infomation Bush Mdx Mini Disc Played In A Sharp Sd -CX1H (GR) 1 Bit M.D. Player.Small Plus Eq On voice Freqs
  Small Minus Eq On Bass Freqs. Ear out Via stereo Flylead to line In Audigy
  Soundcard As Wav Files At 44 Khz.split As wavs.Traders little Helper Flac Front End Compression 8 To Internet. 





