Wilco
Sky Blue Sky Festival
Hard Rock Hotel Riviera Maya, Mexico
Sunday 19 January 2020 (Night 2, Show 2)
Recorded by eckythump 
Source: Nokia Lumia 930 (called Lumia Icon in North America) w/built-in HAAC mics > Audio Recorder Pro app > 16bit/48 KHz PCM/WAV 
Encoding: Trader's Little Helper > FLAC (Level 8)

Original recording remastered by Chris Hartstonge

Track List:
 
01 - Wilco (The Song)
02 - Wishful Thinking
03 - Can't Stand It
04 - Before Us
05 - I Am Trying To Break Your Heart
06 - Kamera
07 - If I Ever Was A Child
08 - That's Not The Issue
09 - Walken
10 - White Wooden Cross
11 - Pot Kettle Black
12 - How To Fight Loneliness
13 - Bull Black Nova
14 - Random Name Generator
15 - Sky Blue Sky
16 - Kingpin
17 - Box Full Of Letters
18 - Theologians
19 - Jesus, Etc.
20 - We Were Lucky
21 - Love Is Everywhere
22 - Late Greats
23 - Misunderstood
24 - Encore break
25 - Monday
26 - Hoodoo Voodoo

Jeff Tweedy – lead vocals, electric and acoustic guitar
John Stirratt – bass, backing vocals 
Glenn Kotche – drums, percussion
Mikael Jorgensen - keyboards, synthesizers, effects
Nels Cline - guitar
Pat Sansone - keyboards, guitars, backing vocals, synthesizers, percussion

Show Notes: Night 2 of Wilco's amazing Mexican resort festival, and wow if I thought night 1 blew us all away, night 2 stepped it another notch. Some incredibly rare songs peformed, as well as some songs not played in over 5 years, and apart from Kingpin where Jeff sang the third verse in the second verse (someone brought it up at Jeff's set the following day and was jokingly threatened with eviction :)), it was a flawless performance. Listen to this show and you will be booking your tickets for the next one I guarantee it!

Recording Notes: Night 1 I recorded from the balcony of a concert courtyard room, this one I kept on myself and recorded from the crowd, so while it sounds louder and less distant compared to my night 1 recording, there's a bit of audience talking which is a little annoying at times - after Kingpin I decided to move to a different location to get away from the talkers. As it wasn't sold out there was plenty of room to move around. It also started to rain during Walken, and was quite heavy for a little while - I got soaked and had to use my hand to cover the recorder to stop it from getting wet. You can't really tell on the recording, but there are a few clicking sounds around this point, which I attribute to the rain. Still it sounds really good to my ears. Enjoy! 

At time of writing this, Wilco have not released this show as a Roadcase. If they do please purchase it, and see you in Mexico in 2021!