Wilco
Sky Blue Sky Festival
Hard Rock Hotel Riviera Maya, Mexico
Tuesday 21 January 2020 (Night 4, Show 3)
Recorded by eckythump 
Source: Nokia Lumia 930 (called Lumia Icon in North America) w/built-in HAAC mics > Audio Recorder Pro app > 16bit/48 KHz PCM/WAV 
Encoding: Trader's Little Helper > FLAC (Level 8)

Original recording remastered by Chris Hartstonge

Track List:

00 - Intro
01 - When You Wake Up Feeling Old
02 - Whole Love
03 - Company In My Back
04 - War On War
05 - One Wing
06 - I Might
07 - Airline To Heaven
08 - Via Chicago
09 - Cold Slope
10 - King Of You
11 - Laminated Cat (aka Not For The Season)
12 - Reservations 
13 - Impossible Germany
14 - It's Just That Simple
15 - California Stars (w/Eric Slick of Dr. Dog on shaker and maracas)
16 - Summer Teeth
17 - Shouldn't Be Ashamed
18 - An Empty Corner
19 - Say You Miss Me
20 - Everyone Hides
21 - Dawned On Me
22 - A Shot In The Arm
23 - Encore break
24 - Outtaside (Outta Mind)

Not recorded (see notes below for explanation):
25 - Candyfloss
26 - I'm A Wheel
27 - The Thanks I Get

Jeff Tweedy – lead vocals, electric and acoustic guitar
John Stirratt – bass, backing vocals 
Glenn Kotche – drums, percussion
Mikael Jorgensen - keyboards, synthesizers, effects
Nels Cline - guitar
Pat Sansone - keyboards, guitars, backing vocals, synthesizers, percussion

Show Notes: The final night of Wilco's amazing festival and what another brilliant show it was. The theme of the night was Wilco sleepover, and everyone was encouraged to wear pajamas to the show, of which I'd say about half did. The band came out on stage wearing pajamas as well - seeing Nels shred his Impossible Germany solo wearing sleepwear was quite a surreal moment! Highlights for me included an incredible jam on Laminated Cat, with Jeff letting loose his best Sonic Youth impression, I just stood their in awe of their musicianship.

Unfortunately about half way through the final song before the encore in A Shot In The Arm a gentleman a little in front of me fainted and hit his head very hard on the concrete - the sound of the crack as his skull hit the ground is still with me, and you'll hear it on the recording, so be warned. There were plenty of people on hand to get help so I stayed out the way and moved well away to the other side of the courtyard. Once the medics arrived Jeff noticed after Outtasite (Outta Mind) and halted the show, saying they were leaving the stage and for everyone to hold tight (I edited this out and faded the show out after Outtasite). At this stage I absolutely feared the worst for this man, thinking he could possibly be dead and I could have a recording of his death on my hands. At this point I stopped the recorder, and when after the band returned to the stage after about 10 minutes to report the gentleman was going to be ok and they were going to finish the show, I didn't continue to record, meaning the final 3 songs aren't on this recording (I still didn't quite believe he was ok after witnessing it).Thankfully his partner posted on social media later on that he was indeed ok, and after going to hospital they were going home the next day. Good news indeed.

So while my recording is incomplete, I hope you can understand why. It was a brilliant show and while a little anti climatic due to factors outside the band's control, it was an amazing 4 days. If you are a Wilco fan I can't recommend this festival highly enough. Start saving for 2021 now, you won't regret it.

Recording Notes: I saved the best for last, this recording sounds excellent. I moved once to avoid some talkers that came in near me half way through the show, but there is very minimal talking on here, and you'll enjoy listening to the majority of the show. Enjoy! 