The recording is being shared as 16 bit/44.1 kHz stereo FLACs.

The Presidents of the United States of America
Irving Plaza, NYC
April 15, 2013

01-PUSA Takes the Stage
02-Tiki God
03-Volcano
04-Some Postman
05-Last Girl on Earth
06-Bad Times
07-Flame Is Love
08-Finger Monster
09-Jennifer's Jacket
10-Kitty
11-Feather Pluckn
12-Lump
13-Stranger
14-Boll Weevil
15-Peaches
16-Dune Buggy
17-We Are Not Going to Make It 
18-Kick Out the Jams / Shout
19-Body
20-Back Porch
21-Candy
22-Naked and Famous

Encore

23-Mach 5
24-Ghosts are Everywhere
25-I Wanna Be Sedated 
26-Video Killed the Radio Star 
27-Ace of Spades 
28-T.V. Eye 


Lineage: Stealth recorded and minimally produced by mrsaureus, standing center floor thirty feet back from the stage. Core-Sound High End Binaurals (DPA-4060 capsules) to Sony PCM-M10 (48 kHZ, 24 bit), WavePad Sound Editor to provide modest global amplification, cut into songs and export as16 bit/ 44.1 kHz FLACs.  If people want it, I can share the 24/48 version.  This is an audience recording that aims to document the experience of being in the crowd at the show, and features occasionally loud but appropriate crowd noise.  This is the first time this recording is being shared.

When it comes to bands with a good sense of humor, Canadians have a natural advantage that almost isn’t fair.  Rush’s intro/outro movies show clearly that the band could have been very successful comedians if the music thing didn’t take up so much time.  Barenaked Ladies operate at the comedic saturation point, beyond which lies only Weird Al and Ray Stevens.  Most American bands just can’t compete, but PUSA is a not-bad-by-any-means south-of-the-border answer to BNL.  It’s a somewhat cruder, more muscular, less NPR funny than BNL, but it suffuses the show in a similar way, sweetly soaking everything like the honey in that Greek dessert I like.

Here’s another thing I like:  except for the first album, which they play in its entirety at every show, they really vary up the set list.  Not very many bands do this, probably because it’s hard, but I think it’s great when going to see a show is like buying a booster pack of Magic cards

And another thing:  they play a lot of covers.  I love it when bands play covers.  You learn more about a band from the covers they play than from their own songs a lot of the time.  What they choose and how they spin it tells you a lot.  Here PUSA tipped their hat in an extended encore to Ramones (NYC), Buggles (90’s), Motorhead and Iggy Pop (RAWK!!)

This show was awesome, and was well attended by fans of all ages, many of whom were complete knuckleheads and some of whom were flat-out mean spirited douchebags (lot of energetic “dancing”) but I’m glad for PUSA for every ticket sold.  It really pleases me that the music I loved 20 years ago is still vital, and my sons can enjoy it as much as I did.

Incidentally, it looks like Live Nation booking are carving out a niche in funny, with Oates and Garfunkle playing one night only at the Gramercy Theater this Monday.  If you live here, you want to catch that.

Openers were very good:  Eternal Summers from Roanoke, VA was the touring opener, and Pow Wow from Brooklyn the local opener.  Hard rocking bands with chicks.  If even one person asks, I’ll upload them too.







