Faith No More
Rich Stadium
Orchard Park, NY
July 25, 1992

164 bit version

This show is another from the collection of "Smores" who is working to get many of his old tapes transferred and uploaded for others to enjoy. These shows are seeing the light of day after all of these years- some for the first time since they were taped! He is currently searching for any Warrior Soul, Saigon Kick, Tegan and Sara, or Antigone Rising shows. He is trying to track down a couple of traders from "back in the day": STIG PETERSON in Denmark and HARRIS THEODORATOS in Greece as well as leads to UNCIRCULATED Foo Fighters or Nine Inch Nails MASTERS. Contact him here on DIME if you can help.


Transfer and mastering by }{eywood
Lineage: Maxell UR90 cass (?) > Optimus SCT-57 playback deck > plugin enhanced Adobe Audition 1.5 (recording at 24/96, speed correction, NR, EQ, limiting, track splitting, conversion to 16/44.1) > TLH (SBE fix, flac 8) 

Now I'm not certain if this is really the show I claim it to be, and all because Mike Patton says "Hello Ft. Lauderdale" at the start.  The setlist matches Buffalo (and several other cities, although not that large a portion of the tour had this list), and as far as I can find there isn't a show in Ft. Lauderdale until early the next year.  That show's setlist doesn't match this one, so it may just be Patton being a wiseass.  I lean toward the second choice, hence my posting it as Buffalo.  Any new information would be appreciated.

The generation on this is probably fairly high as it was totally buried in broadband hiss.  For this I used Waves Noise Supressor, and I didn't remove it all because it would have damaged the music too much.  As anyone who has heard the Metallica and G 'n' R sets knows, this is a fairly rough tape.  I did what  could to bring the music out a bit better, but it's still a bit harsh sounding.

01 Intro
02 Caffeine
03 Death March
04 Land of Sunshine
05 The Real Thing
06 Midlife Crisis
07 RV
08 Suprise, You're Dead
09 We Care A Lot
10 Jizzlobber
11 Epic

