Band: FAITH NO MORE 
Date: 1992-10-28 
Venue: Ice hall 
City: Helsinki 
Country: Finland 


Length: 38 minutes (incomplete)
Source: 1st generation audience source 
Quality: B+ (Grading: A = Excellent, B = Good, C = Fair, D = Poor) 


Tracklisting: 
01 Intro - The Final Countdown
02 Caffeine
03 Death March
04 Land Of Sunshine
05 The Grab Song
06 Midlife Crisis
07 As The Worm Turns
08 Chinese Arithmetic 
09 RV
10 Surprise! You're Dead
11 Be Aggressive <cut>


Lineage: 
1st gen tape (Sony UX 90 Position:Chrome) --> Sony PMC-DR45L --> sssnake YPK 2050 Y audio cable --> Alesis iO|2 --> USB cable --> Cubase 5 LE --> CdWav --> Trader's Little Helper --> FLAC (Level 5) 
Mastering, EQ or any other fiddling whatsoever has NOT been applied, this is the raw transfer from the tape. 


Comments: 
I was at this show too!

I have no idea how much this particular recording has been circulating so far, and in what quality/generation... 
But this is my transfer from a tape that I bought > 15 years ago. 
I bought this directly from the guy that taped the show, so this is 1st generation copy. 

The taper does some level adjustments during Intro and Caffeine, and there are a couple of tiny cuts during Intro too, maybe some connection problems with the mic?
This is unfortunately partial recording and ends halfway during Be Aggressive. 
Most probably the reason for incomplete recording is the fact that the taper only brought one tape to the show, recorded L7 to one side and The first part of Faith No More to the other side. At least my tape is like that. 
(and yes, I will upload the L7 also sometime in the near future :)

There exists also another recording of this show, which is complete (92 minutes according to some lists). 
But sound-quality wise that one is inferior compared to this one. 
I know this for sure, as I used to have that one on tape too, but unfortunately I don't have that tape anymore. 

Thanks goes to the original taper, whoever you are!

Mp3 sample can be found from the comments. 

Enjoy :)





