Band: FAITH NO MORE 
Date: 1993-07-10 
Venue: Ruisrock -festival, Ruissalo 
City: Turku
Country: Finland 


Length: 80 minutes 
Source: 1st generation audience source 
Quality: B+ (Grading: A = Excellent, B = Good, C = Fair, D = Poor) 


Tracklisting: 

01 Intro - The Final Countdown
02 Caffeine
03 Be Aggressive
04 Mark Bowen
05 The Real Thing
06 Midlife Crisis
07 RV
08 Land Of Sunshine  <small cut in beginning due to tape flip>
09 We Care A Lot
10 Introduce Yourself
11 A Small Victory
12 Edge Of The World
13 Falling To Pieces
14 Surprise! You're Dead
15 Woodpecker From Mars  <small cut in between due to tape switch>
16 Jizzlobber
17 Easy
18 As The Worm Turns
19 Epic



Lineage: 
1st gen tapes (2* BASF Chrome Extra II 60) --> Sony PMC-DR45L --> sssnake YPK 2050 Y audio cable --> Alesis iO|2 --> USB cable --> Cubase 5 LE --> CdWav --> Trader's Little Helper --> FLAC (Level 5) 
Mastering, EQ or any other fiddling whatsoever has NOT been applied, this is the raw transfer from the tape. 


Comments: 
I was at this show too! 

I have no idea how much this particular recording has been circulating so far, and in what quality/generation... 
But this is my transfer from a tape that I got directly from the taper ~18 years ago, so this one is 1st generation copy. 

There is some audible wind and talkers in this recording, but otherwise I think this is pretty damn sweet!

I have so many memories from this gig related to Mike Patton. For example:
* Mike was drinking sour milk ("piimä" in finnish) on stage, straight out from the carton. 

* The main stage was right next to the sea. There was actually one ship (that travels between Finland and Sweden) passing by during the gig. Anyway, Mike was concerned that people go swimming drunk... 
Before "A Small Victory": "Are you guys drinking vodka? Are you gonna go swimming later? Yeah, that's pretty smart, huh? Yeah! Steal a boat, don't swim."
And the continuing before "Jizzlobber": "Any corpses floating in the lake yet? You're running out of time! The nets are waiting for you!"

* Mike spotted a taper during "Easy": "I see you, you fucking bootlegger, I see you! Does this sound good? Good sounding or what, you fuck!" Don't know if it was directed to this particular taper :)

* And the most memorable thing happened during "Easy"... There was someone in the audience drinking something (being in Finland most probably something with lot of alcohol in it :) from a container that looked like a gasoline can.
"Drinking gasoline? What's in there? Can I have some?"
<Someone throws a jacket or a sweater on the stage.>
"I don't want you fucking clothes. I want the gas."  
"Come on man, give me that."
Mike gets the can, opens it and takes a sip. 
What happens next was a bit unexpected - he pulls out his penis right in front of the whole audience and pees in the can (or at least it looks that way). 
And then he throws the can back in the audience - without the cap!
Now, that's entertainment! :)


Thanks goes to the original taper, whoever you are! 

Mp3 sample can be found from the comments. 

Enjoy :)