Master Tapers Concert Series - Volume (170)

Band name: Stone Temple Pilots
Date: July 12, 2000
Venue: Sullivan Arena
Location: Anchorage, Alaska, USA 
Tour name: No. 4

Media: 2 CDs 
Recording type: Audience 
Taper: Steve Hagar 
Recording Equipment: Sonic Studios DSM-6P w/ 3-way lo-cut filter, position unknown (most likely @ 80hz, middle setting) > Sony WM-D6 
Lineage: Denon 790R > Kenwood A-522 amplifier > Kenwood GE-622 Equalizer > DAT out > line in on Tascam DR-2D >WAV>Flashdrive>AUDACITY>WAV (16bit)>TLH>FLAC (8) 
Transfer/Mastering: February 2015
Audio format: FLAC 
Total running time: 87:56
Audio quality: 4+
Artwork: No 

Track listing: 
Crackerman
Vasoline
Tumble In The Rough
Wicked Garden
No Memory
Sin
Big Empty
Sour Girl
Creep
Interstate Love Song
Plush
Trippin' On A Hole In A Paper Heart
In My Time Of Dying (Tease)
Sex & Violence
Down
Unglued
Dead & Bloated
Sex Type Thing

Band: 
Scott Weiland - Vocals
Dean DeLeo - Guitars
Robert DeLeo - Bass Guitar
Eric Kretz - Drums

Taper comments: 
notes: this show has a funny history, STP were originally scheduled for a 1996 NYE gig in Anchorage..................and they cancelled it (Weiland)..............on December 29 of that year.  
it was 500 shy of sold out (8750)....4 years later, Anchorage did NOT forget, as just over 2K people bought tickets to this show.  taped from my normal vantage point by "stage left" 
(the RIGHT side when viewing the stage as a fan) on the drinking side by the stacks by the bathrooms at the Sully (sections 107 thru 111, depending on configuration)...and pulled, imo, 
a pretty amazing recording, as there were 6K less bodies than normal to "soak up the bouncing sound" in that concrete barn. Weiland seemed genuinely happy to be in Alaska, remarking how beautiful it is, 
and I think you'll agree that this recording nails it.  discuss:     --- balls OUT

Show comments: 
Here's another show from master taper Steve Hagar. He is my Alaskan contact. We first started trading around the early to mid 90's. He has a lot of great 
Tesla recordings from all over the place. He's also got many great masters from Alaska which i'll be sharing too. If you have any shows from Alaska it's likely his recording. 
Many thanks to him for letting me post his masters for everyone to enjoy, most of his recordings are outstanding quality. 

Enjoy! 
Brian. 