Stone Temple Pilots
Ace of Spades
Sacramento, CA
March 13, 2018

2018 North American Tour

Taper: TheJackal
iPhone 5s voice memo app (audio quality set to "lossless") m4a format > export to Dell Inspiron 13 > Roxio Creator 9 (tracking) export as FLAC
  
Sin (includes about 1:20 of pre-show crowd chatter & band walk-on) 
Wicked Garden 
Vasoline 
Lounge Fly 
Silvergun Superman 
Sex & Violence
Regeneration 
Glide 
Big Empty 
Atlanta 
Plush 
Meadow 
Interstate Love Song 
Too Cool Queenie 
Roll Me Under 
Dead & Bloated 
Sex Type Thing 
Trippin' on a Hole in a Paper Heart 

Encore:
Creep 
Piece of Pie

Stone Temple Pilots:
Dean DeLeo - guitar
Robert DeLeo - bass
Eric Kretz - drums
Jeff Gutt - vocals

Another Jackal Production Vol 12:  Stone Temple Pilots 2018-03-13 Ace of Spades, Sacramento, CA

The morning of this show I honestly figured there was no way I'd be going.  I was in the middle of a proposal "death march" at work.  The bid was due Friday and I'm the guy who prices our proposals and nothing was ready for me.  At about 4pm the proposal manager told me to go to the show & have a good time.  There were decisions to be made and estimates to be finalized by the team before I could even get started.  It would be at least a day before I had anything to work with (which made Wed & Thurs suck all that much more!).  Being so certain I'd have to bail made this show all the sweeter!  

Ace of Spades is a great place to see a show but the recordings made there always have a lot of crowd noise.  It's shoulder-to-shoulder standing room only on the floor; there are a few elevated tables on the perimeter and also a small balcony area above the bar.  But of course, the floor is where it's at!  This is one of my favorite places to see a show.  I completely forgot about all my work woes and really just took in the crowd & the performance and let it all wash over me.  This was my first time seeing STP without Scott.  Jeff Gutt was great and STP is still STP!!

Includes the entry for this show from my Concert History project: tour poster + crappy pics taken with the same iPhone 5s that was recording the show.

Enjoy!!