JIMI HENDRIX EXPERIENCE
1966-12-29 (Thursday): "Top Of The Pops", BBC Lime Grove Studios,
Area C, Lime Grove, London W12, England, UK

Goody Pitch-Corrected Edition

lineage: broadcast > reel to reel > wav > flac > 

Goody's additional lineage:
dBpoweramp (WAV) > Cool Edit Pro (amplified +8dB; Pitch Bender -1 Semitone) > Trader's Little Helper (FLAC, ffp)

01. Hey Joe (rebroadcast on 1967-02-02)

Here you have a brand new (so to say) uncirculated  piece of very early Jimi Hendrix Experience history. On December 29th 1966, the band spent all day at the BBC Lime Grove Studios for their performance on Top of the Pos. They had a TV rehearsal at 9:30 in the morning and then waited all day for their live performance in the evening. This particular tape was recorded directly onto reel to reel from the re-broadcast on Feb. 2nd 1967. Surprisingly enough it seems to be an entirely different take than the one commonly circulating as "1966-12-29". Also featuring the Breakaways on background vocals, and having pretty much the same feel, we can be pretty sure of it having been recorded that same day. So the only guess is that it must be from the morning run-through rehearsal. Then again, also on this take, you hear an audience at the start, which again suggests it was NOT at the rehearsal at 9:30 in the morning,hmmmm....you see, all this will make the Hendrix nuts think...
Maybe they did record two takes that evening, who knows.

Here is some more info from the guy who I got this from:

"A big thank you must go to Steve Rodham at Jimpress for passing this audio on to me. Jimpress No93 has a full three page review of this audio and includes some other useful info’ and photo / scans.
This recording comes from Mike Hall and with help from Ad Tingle, so really all credit does go to them..
This performance was recorded onto reel to reel from a broadcast of Top Of The Pops but the original recording date remains in doubt. Mike who kept some notes has it as being recorded to his R2R in Feb 67."


Enjoy!


brought to you by olvator 09/2010
text updated for this edition by goody 09/11/2010