Jimi Hendrix Experience
Saville Theatre
London
August 27, 1967

Unknown gen.cassette.aud>SonyTCWE435>PioneerPDR- 
4>CDR>EAC>WAV>Trader'sLittleHelper>FLAC 

Quality: B+ 

NOTE: ALL SONGS INCOMPLETE!!!!

 Summertime Blues
 Fire
 The Wind Cries Mary
 Foxy Lady
 Catfish Blues
 I Don't Live Today
 Red House
 Hey Joe
 Purple Haze


Notes:

From Chris Dixon's  Anniversary Series...

Here is the Experience show at the Saville Theatre in London. This is their first proper concert in England after their return from conquering America (aside from 2 BBC appearances). The available tape is one of the best quality audience tapes in the archives, IMO. The instrumental sound and mix is near soundboard quality though the vocals suffer from a typically inadequate PA system. The bad news is that the long-circulating tape has every song cut severely! Story goes that some German "collector" has the complete original and has only let out this chopped-up sample, apparently prefering to enjoy the original in some darkened room like an art thief alone with his stolen Picasso...not illegal, but a shame - don't get me started! Still, this has some content worthy of note: 

Opening song is the only known version of Jimi & Co. covering Eddie Cochran's 'Summertime Blues'! Maybe they wanted to 'one up' the Who's version. Sounds great till it cuts out.... 

First available regular concert appearance of 'Fire' (2 earlier BBC and TV versions). Before starting he has a funny line about "..Flower power, right?....well flower power won't get you up the hill when you run outta gas!...". 

Second available regular concert 'Wind Cries Mary' (first being Monterey- also appeared twice previously on BBC and Swedish TV). Dedicates it to a girl named "...Gertrude, or (unintelligible), or Lucy..." and you hear a female voice go "woo!"...could that be Kathy E.? 

First live recording of 'Foxy Lady' since Monterey 

Second available concert 'Experiencing the Blues/ Catfish Blues'. He doesn't give it a name here, but introduces it as being by Muddy Waters. This is the longest track on the tape at almost 5 minutes, but still has a couple of fade-outs in the middle and a final fade just as the band is kicking it into double time.. 

First documented live 'I Don't Live Today'. This is almost complete, missing a section in the middle but running to the end. Dedicates it to the American Indian, which some in the crowd seem to take as a joke! 

First documented live 'Red House', and features Noel on a bassy rhythm guitar! I'd once thought the 68 Paris show was the only example of Noel reprising his studio role on RH but sure enough, Jimi mentions it will be featuring Noel on "...1836 type electric guitar, made by Ben Franklin...". Hmm, would appear ol' Ben was more than just a studio owner! Jimi's really getting into it, but sadly and somewhat predictably, it fades even before the solo! Arrgh.... 

After some words about "..soldiers marching through Piccadilly Circus, not with M16s but feedback guitars...", the free-form feedback intro to 'Purple Haze' includes a short spoken word 'narration' where Jimi talks of meeting a girl who opens her bag and out comes purple haze (and feedback)... 
Jimi in good humor throughout. Mentions being in America with the Mamas and Papas (but doesn't mention Monkees!), about how the streets of Greenwich Village "...aren't paved with gold, but banana peels...", and how while they were gone they "thought about you (the UK) all the way"! 

The tape is apparently from the first of two shows that night, and the second was cancelled due to Saville owner/ Beatle manager Brian Epstein's death that same day... 


Andy Gray, for New Musical Express (2.9.67)

A BAD DECISION

Despite a great performance by Jimi Hendrix, the new season of Sunday concerts at the Saville got off to a sad start, due to the sudden death of Brian Epstein, who was the lessee of the theatre, and the fact that someone decided to cancel the second show, as "a mark of respect." The decision was taken during the first show.

I cannot think Brian would have approved of this. He was always champion of the fans (remember how he sided with them after they damaged the theatre when the curtain was lowered in the middle of Little Richard's act?)

When I came out of the first house, I saw hundreds of unhappy faces due to the sudden cancellation. Many told me they had travelled far, at considerable cost, to see the show, and others complained that they could not get their ticket money refunded till later in the week, and had no money to go elsewhere. I could only imagine Brian Epstein being very angry.

Jimi Hendrix, Keith West's Tomorrow, and The Crazy World Of Arthur Brown all wanted to do the second house but the management decided differently, a bad decision in my opinion and one which will do the theatre Brain Epstein loved so much no good whatsoever.

Jimi Hendrix coaxed unearthly sounds out of his guitar during his long act, including thumping the instrument to get one effect and rubbing it against the tall amplifiers to get another. He ended by playing it between his legs while sitting on the stage. He powered his way through "Summertime Blues", "I Don't Live Today," (with a flippant aside which he delivered so well, of "This is dedicated to the American Indians") , Muddy Waters' "Catfish Blues", "Foxy Lady", "Stand Next To Your Fire", "Red House", "Purple Haze" and perhaps the most popular, "Hey Joe." 

