1968-11-30 Cobo Arena, Detroit [funkydrummer cleanup and merge]

Lineage ATM 231-232 FLAC> Adobe Audition (NR, EQ, Comp, Merge) > FLAC

01 Intro
02 Fire [Stereo Merge]
03 Spanish Castle Magic [1st Source]
04 I Don't Live Today [Stereo Merge]
05 Sunshine Of Your Love [Stereo Merge]
06 Voodoo Chile (Slight Return)[1st Source]
07 Red House [Composite - See Notes]
08 Foxy Lady [2nd Source]
09 Hey Joe [2nd Source]
10 Purple Haze [2nd Source]
11 Bonus - Red House [Stereo Merge]

Notes:

An attempt to make as best sounding and complete version of show - I used ATM 231-232 as the source material to clean up and merge. I didn't have the previous "Merge Vol 4" of the tracks available to both sources - so I decided to make my own from scratch. Of course there is ATM 143 - but that is a composite rather than a stereo merge/composite. 
I include the Notes that came with ATM 231-232 which explains a few things about the problematic nature of the sources - in particular 1st Source which has all sorts of issues - and my thanks to those who went to the trouble to fix the tapes in the original ATM as they made life much easier. 
There is a bit of wavering at the very start of the intro/tune-up (1st Source) but it is mostly fine until we get to Voodoo Chile, which is perhaps the worst sounding of the lot. There is only the truncated 1st source for this which stops the show from being near complete. 
I edited and merged the two sources for Red House - but the tape wobble was so offputting to listen to that I made a composite instead. So only the very end uses the 1st Source as to make it complete. 


Despite the band sounding tired and jaded in their comments - it is a very spirited performance and an excellent show. 

Here are the original notes from ATM 231-232 that discusses the limitations of the sources...

Notes:
- 1st source of this show is the tape 
originally thought to be from the 2/V/1969 
Detroit concert. This tape captures the first 
part of the show but misses the remainder. 
That's yet another tape that has mostly 
circulated incomplete. Many sources end with 
the first minute of "Voodoo Chile (Slight Return)" 
(34i) followed by 3-minute portion of  "Red House" 
(34i). Check Joel Brattin's article in UniVibes 
issue 28, p.27-32 (April 1998) about all Detroit 
recordings.  

- Details about the 1st source:: 
The tape is a real mess! It's a mono recording, 
but somwhere during the analog copying many 
problems were introduced. Phase between channels 
had a large offset that wasn't constant (large enough 
that it must have been intentional, to give a fake 
stereo effect), so even when the average 
offset was corrected, some variations in phase 
remained that made the sound wobble back and forth. 
The two channels have also been treated with different 
EQ, with the right channel more trebly and the the 
left channel more bassy. There was no feasible way 
to remove these problems (and additional ones 
described below) completely and combine the channels 
without losing sound quality, so the right channel 
of the recording was used, with some small patches 
from the other channel. Not knowing which channel 
(if either) has the more correct EQ, the average 
value was used and applied to the right channel. 
The tape gets 1 minute into "Voodoo Child 
(Slight Return)" (34), then the audio cuts and 
jumps into the middle of "Red House" (34). 
After "Red House" (34) reaches its end, there's 
another cut and we're back to "Voodoo Chile 
(Slight Return)" (34) to capture the end of the song. 
Apparently what must have occurred is that the taper 
got to the end of the tape, but wanting to record 
some of  the"Red House" (34), rewound the tape and 
recorded it over the part of previously taped "Voodoo 
Child (Slight Return)" (34). As the tape progresses past 
the start of "Voodoo Chile (Slight Return)" (34), 
the technical problems get worse. The pitch starts 
to droop substantially; this gets worse during 
"Red House" (34) (especially after a cut in the song 
at around 3-minute mark). By the end of the tape, 
it is an unbelievable (and totally unlistenable) 
75% slow. Since this pitch slowdown gets worse during 
the running of this source, but the original tape has 
a later-recorded song ("Red House" (34) before the end 
of "Voodoo Chile (Slight Return)" (34), it's clear that 
the slowdown occurred during the transfer stage (!!!) and 
was not on the master. Also during this last part of the tape, 
there are speaking voices (recorded at different speed, 
very high-pitched) overlaid on the music, mostly in the 
left channel (another reason for using the right channel). 
When slowed down, one of these can be heard to say 
"put that down and get your ass in here!". Because of 
this it seems likely that an early transfer was done by 
microphone rather than by cable (!!). There are assorted 
other sounds, wobbling in the volume, dropouts galore, 
and one channel quits altogether at the end of the tape. 
It's really a total mess. The gigantic speed slowdown is 
probably the reason that the end of the tape isn't included 
on most transfers. But it's valuable, since neither 
"Voodoo Child (Slight Return)" (34) nor the end of 
"Red House" (34) are included on the 2nd (Foley) source. 
It's probably safe to assume that the master would have 
been in substantially better shape than this tape (it must 
have been an excellent sounding tape in fact) and 
that most of the technical problems (and deliberate 
alterations) came in at later stages, but sadly the 
master may no longer exist. A variable pitch correction 
was used to fix the speed at the end. "Red House" (34) 
was removed and placed after the two parts of 
"Voodoo Chile (Slight Return)" (34), to restore the 
actual recording order. Some EQ was applied to two 
off-speed tracks because the original EQ on these two 
was substantially different from the rest of the tape,
maybe some effect of the pitch sag. Sudden volume 
changes (some of these apparently not on the master) 
were corrected. It is still a rough tape, but it sounds 
a lot better now. At least a majority of the technical 
problems have been improved. Other than removal of 
one several second long portion of a tape where 
high-pitched voices are all that's heard, this is the complete 
source and includes about 3 minutes of "Voodoo Child 
(Slight Return)" (34) and 2 minutes of "Red House" (34) 
that aren't on most other transfers.

- Details about the 2nd source:
The 2nd source is the tape recorded by Randy Foley. 
It skips some songs during the concert but captures the 
later part of the show. Most of the copies of this tape 
(aka. The "Detroit Fire" Tape) have been circulated without 
"I Don't Live Today" (23), which was recorded but left off 
of those transfers. The source used here is probably the 
best available, and is complete. It is a digital copy of 
a transfer of the master onto videotape. Randy made a 
videotape transfer and a handful of cassette transfers, 
all 1st gen from the master. The master has since been 
sold to Experience Hendrix, and apparently no direct 
digital transfer of the master was made before the sale. 
In Foley's article in UniVibes, he implies that a digital 
transfer from the master was done, but that was probably 
an incomplete recollection. Very little has been done to 
this source. The CDR has index gaps (from Randy's comments 
it appears that his original digital transfer onto CDR has 
these too). These were removed. Tape speed sounds right 
so pitch wasn't altered.

- A 1st & 2nd Source composite is available on ATM-143 
"Tomorrow We'll Do Our Last Gig In The States".

- A Stereo effect mix (merge) of 
"Fire" (41)
"I Don't Live Today" (23)
"Sunshine Of Your Love" (13) 
"Red House"(34i) 
is available on the Collector's Disc "Merge Vol.4".

January 2008.

