The Jimi Hendrix Experience
November 2, 1968
Minneapolis Auditorium, Minneapolis, MN

1 - Interview with Tony Glover
2 - Fire 
3 - Are You Experienced
4 - Voodoo Child (Slight Return)
5 - Red House
6 - Foxy Lady
7 - Little Wing
8 - Spanish Castle Magic
9 - Sunshine of Your Love
10 - Star Spangled Banner
11 - Purple Haze
12 - Interview with Tony Glover

From Chris Dixon's 30th Anniversary Series © C S Dixon

November 2nd, 1998 marks 30 years since The Experience's 1968 show at Minneapolis Auditorium in Minnesota. The band had just finished a couple of weeks of sessions at TTG studios in LA for the 4th Experience album that was never to be. The TTG sessions had been interrupted by one live date in Bakersfield, Ca (lots of good pics but no tape) but now they head out for a month of dates, starting with Kansas City the day before.

Bit of a disappointing tape here. It was recorded by journalist Tony Glover and opens with his short interview of Jimi in the dressing room. They discuss the recording of ELL with Jimi expressing displeasure at album mastering (Jimi also gives some good advice for budding recordists- "...you don't have to use all 12 (!) tracks, sometimes it sounds bigger if you don't..."). Glover seems very into Jimi's blues playing and asks him if there will be more. Ever helpful, Jimi offers that the next album will "...be a double with 26 tracks, 7 of which will be blues..."! Also mentions wanting to do some more Dylan material.

Now the really disappointing part, that being that Glover, for whatever reason, saw fit to only record around a minute of each song (with one exception as we will see). Very maddening! Tape is a bit distorted but an interesting perspective- sounds like Glover is next to the stage on Jimi's side. Guitar loudest but bass and drums still pretty clear. Vocals are distant as he's probably behind the PA speakers but the hall gives a nice natural reverb, especially on the quieter sections of music.

		'Are You Experienced', unlike previous few shows, gets no free-form intro but starts right in with muted strums. This is one of only two times AYE was played in concert (documented) when it wasn't the opening song (other is Newport June 1969 when it was part of the opening medley in the middle of 'Stone Free'). Maddeningly cut off barely into first verse. Next available live 'AYE' not until January 1969.

		Emcee interrupts to tell people to sit down (so says the fire marshall, etc). Glover sees fit to record more of this than some songs! At one point you hear Jimi tell someone "I forgot the words" - perhaps another call for 'Watchtower'?

		'Red House' the one and only complete song (15+ minutes!), probably due to Glover's previously stated preference for Jimi's blues playing. Jimi introduces it by noting it was on the AYE album but will "..be on the new one, only arranged a little better...". Maybe he was thinking about the 'Electric Church Red House', recorded with an expanded lineup at TTG just a few days before, or that jam had given him some ideas (or maybe he was just pulling Glover's chain!)? A heckler prompts Jimi's "When I say 'toilet paper', THATS when you come rolling out" putdown (one of the first, but definitely not the last, time he has to use it)!

		This 'RH' could well be the first concert appearance of the white 3 pickup Gibson SG/ Les Paul which seems to have been part of Jimi's 'shopping spree' during the TTG period (this live tape is also the first with the white and/or black maple board Strats he would use till the end).

		Anyway, Jimi takes this RH a little on the slow side and really savors the bends. His tone stays fairly clean throughout, even during the sections when he commonly used the 'full shred wah' sound. After his first couple of verses of solo he does another verse with an even lighter touch (w/ wah) before doing the 'slapped chords', this time dropping way back so it's essentially a drum solo. A short 'free-time' wah section follows, then another verse of soloing w/ band. This last section before the final vocal is distinguished by Jimi playing some 'call and response' phrases, playing low on the neck then 'answering' himself in the upper register!

		'Little Wing' maddeningly chopped, cutting in at end of intro and only making it to "..she comes to me."! Arrgh! Worth mentioning as we have only two more live recordings to go, both in early 69.

		Jimi apologizes for "screwed up" gear. Apparently the LA shopping trip didn't include amps but problems don't seem as obvious as at times during the Winterland shows.

		Nice free-form feedback intro to 'Star Spangled Banner' and part of the melody itself before, as expected by now, it's abruptly cut off. During the SSB that we do hear, Glover seems to change position as suddenly the drums are the loudest instrument, Mitch furiously soloing away in front of Jimi for a different perspective.

Too bad about this one, but at least a good 'Red House' survives. Maybe Glover would have recorded a full 'Hear My Train' if he'd played it? BTW, tape has no evidence of it, but one account tells of Noel falling off the stage this night.....never a dull moment....
