Jimi Hendrix Experience 
Sam Houston Coliseum, Houston, Texas, USA 1968-08-04 AUD

Lineage: 
master (reel ?) > unknown gen traded cassette > Edirol R 09 > wav > flac

This tape is not sourced from any ãbootleg" (as well as ATM, JPIO, etc) release. 
This transfer is sourced from my traded cassette copy.


Tracks:

01. Red House 11:16
02. I don«t live today  # 05:06
03. Spanish Castle Magic # 02:00 
04. Fire  # 01:31 
05. Voodoo Chile (Slight Return) 05:32
06. Purple Haze 03:44
07. Stage Banter /Manic Depression # 01:01


I have recently started to review my Hendrix tape collection from the early 90ties. All of this stuff is on audio cassettes, spread over different boxes on my attic. In recent years, my main aim has of course been to upgrade all those shows, with the help of torrent sites, and the nice effect of also having them in digital format.
I have rarely really compared what i downloaded to my cassette copies. It would be a task impossible form e. But sometimes, I discover a tape from long ago, and I go for it (as was the case with my copy of the Dusty Springfield show from 68, which seemed to be an upgrade to most circulating versions).

Now this show.

I compared it to a version I downloaded from either DIME or (then) Bootcity, and to my ears, my cassette sounds way better. More ambience and high range sound, then again a bit more hiss than the older torrented tape. The old torrent version is much more muffled, and has some high range ãphasing" hiss, which is not on my tape.
I wish I could have compared my copy to the ATM version, but unfortunately I do not have it.

The recording has a lot of cuts. On ãI don«t live today", during the guitar solo, there seems to be an accidental overdub of someone playing guitar (recorded at very low speed, so now it sounds like Micky Mouse). This seems to have been on a very early copy (maybe even the master (?). On the digital version i had downloaded, this is cut out. I left it in to present you the tape as I received it. 
Also important: my cassette is running too fast. I did not want to mess around with it, as I believe someone else could do a better job than I am capable of.

It would be interesting to track back the ãchain" of this tape. To the best of my knowledge, and judging from the way it is labelled, I must assume that I got it from a guy called Gordon Johnson, from Liverpool in 94/95...I have lost contact to him long ago. Anyone here know about him???

Any feedback is most welcome, thank you!

If you reseed this on other sites (which you are welcome to do) please include this text file.

Do not convert to mp 3 and trade it /do not sell it /  trade it!!!
Pass it on....

Enjoy!

Brought to you by olvator 4/2008









