Gary Serkin recorded this performance on a portable cassette recorder, one of the first on the market.  He and friends drove from Nashville to see this show, and waited in line for a while as the first show of the night went longer than expected.  Gary says at one point he left his cassette recorder on a railing while waiting in line to enter, and only remembered it right as his group got close to the entrance, when he rapidly sprinted back and luckily found it right where he had left it.  They sat in row six in the middle.  Gary is one of Jimi's fans from way way back - he claims to have seen "Shotgun" on Night Train when it aired in Nashville in 1965, and he swears the weirdo guitar player in the background was all he could watch.  He had all the albums and knew that a Jimi Hendrix concert was not something for which he would need to open the microphones up all the way for, which avoids the overdriven sound often found on close-up Jimi audience tapes.  That's Gary you hear talking from time to time in the show - hey, he was a teenager and had no idea this recording would be circulating worldwide for decades to come.  He's the one who says "He cut off all his hair" and requests "Crosstown Traffic".  His friend from high school is the other loud mouth who cuts in from time to time.  Gary said at one point during I Don't Live Today (sounds like about 3:00 in) Jimi took his guitar and held it by the neck in his right hand and just waved it around the stage, swooping and diving, all the while making those wonderful sounds.  The audience went crazy.  Gary also says later on that he had to flip the tape, so after Sunshine Of Your Love he stopped and since it was quiet he decided to see how the recording was going, so he hit rewind for a second then turned up the volume and hit play... but he was unprepared for just how loud it would be, so right from the sixth row after SOYL the whole crowd around him, and who knows maybe even Jimi, could hear a half-second of the end of it play back again!  Whoops!!  But all went well and the tape survives.  Gary said he didn't make himself a personal backup tape until 1980 or so, but he played the master regularly and would spin copies for anyone who asked, which got to be quite a few people.  So the master tape got quite a bit of use.  And he said he did not attend the Memphis 1970 show, although some friends did and gave it negative reviews.  

He never mentioned it to me, but apparently he or a friend took a camera as well, because there's a picture on this page:

http://www.wtv-zone.com/ruexperienced/gallery5/thumb13.html

Another here:

http://www.wtv-zone.com/ruexperienced/gallery3/thumb9.html

Two of Noel on this one:

http://www.wtv-zone.com/ruexperienced/images/memory_noel.html

And if you Google him you'll find info about the band he played in, the Gypsy Sun Experience.  This is no ordinary Hendrix tribute band - Gary is actually playing with Mitch Mitchell on drums and Billy Cox on bass!  As far as I know, however, this project only resulted in two live appearances, but you gotta admit, that's still pretty f'n cool.  Especially since Memphis is the show where Billy was backstage after receiving an invitation from Jimi to check out the show and discuss future band possibilities... Here's a picture of Gary and Billy playing together:

http://www.wtv-zone.com/ruexperienced/visitors/ItchycooPark.jpg

If anyone's interested, I do have the first GSE show, 7/24/99 Nashville.  It's one long audio file, 25-30 minutes, an audience recording from a noisy club.  They play five songs, only two Jimi ones though, and there was another guitarist who was actually fronting the band that night named Tendure, which Gary explained later was the result of a lot of record company BS; the guy was no Jimi buff and no real axe-man either, so the recording is pretty much only of interest to people who were there.  Heck, -I- was there, and I don't listen to it very often.  But I did get the word that the band was fine with audience tapes, so I thought I'd offer and see if there's any interest in that one.  You do get to hear Billy on lead vocals - he's got kind of a BB King-ish singing voice - and Mitch gives a brief promo for his drum techs at the end.  There used to be a Mitch Mitchell website with that last bit on MP3, but it appears to have been taken offline...
