Jimi Hendrix Live at Grona Lund, Stockholm, Sweden 1970-08-31 New Source, Great! (mp3 sample provided)

Some notes first:

This torrent has a totally different lineage than the following:
http://www.dimeadozen.org/torrents-details.php?id=129589

This torrent may have a different sound quality than the following:
http://www.dimeadozen.org/torrents-details.php?id=129589

This torrent may be from a totally different source than the following:
http://www.dimeadozen.org/torrents-details.php?id=129589

I do not have the above torrent  to compare the sound quality with this one. I recommend you also download torrent # 129589. In an absolute worst-case scenario, you will have two different versions of this show (and how many versions of the Led Zeppelin reunion do YOU have?!) To me, this show has *great sound quality*. Whether that's enough, is up for you to decide.

Finally: Honestly, I don't know if this show is a soundboard or an audience recording. It has elements of both. On the one hand, it's too clear and seperated to be an audience recording. On the other hand, there's that clapping very close to the microphones.

History: In 1998, I responded to an ad on the original Hendrix newsgroup. It's long gone now. A Dutch Hendrix collector was selling his tape tree and album set. 44 cassettes, some magazines with bonus cds, and the original European pressing of "Broadcasts". The collector specialized in, and had access to master or to very low generation sources of both soundboard and audience recordings. (a note to the side: The recently torrented Miami soundboard is among them, but I haven't verified if the tracks are the same yet) The package arrived in the mail several weeks later. Unfortunately, none of the cassettes had venue listed... only the dates. Since then, these tapes have languished in storage as I lacked both the ambition and the means to determine where these sets were recorded. 

Last week I started going through them again, armed with the Internet to determine what they are. It's a trick to determine whether the shows can pass muster here at Dime, but this show was the first one I picked and hallelujah, I can give it to you.

Technical notes: This show was divided into two parts on the second tape. The first part was on the second side, and the remainder of the show was on the first. For some strange reason, there are two renditions of the same "'Foxey Lady", with the second even better quality than the first. I have given all of it to you. 


Setlist (please make any title corrections):

CD1
Lover Man
Catfish Blues
Ezy Ryder
Red House
Come On (Pt1)
Room Full Of Mirrors
Villanova Junction/Hey Baby
Message To Love

CD2

Machine Gun/Voodoo Chile (Slight Return)
In From The Storm
Purple Haze
Foxey Lady #1
Foxey Lady #2

Lineage: 2x SAX-C60s ->Sound Forge ->FLAC

Enjoy!

A DoinkerTape