Jimi Hendrix
Convention Center Arena
San Antonio, Texas
May 10, 1970

Quality: C (collectors only!)

aud>2nd.gen.cassette>EQ>SonyTCWE435>PioneerPDR-O4>CDR>EAC>WAV>Trader'sLittleHelper>FLAC 

Tune-up
Guitar intro
Fire
Foxy Lady
Machine Gun
Freedom
Red House
Message To Love
Hear My Train A Comin'
Ezy Rider
Room Full Of Mirrors
The Star Spangled Banner
Purple Haze
Voodoo Child (Slight Return)

Notes: Jimi down in Texas during the beginning of his 1970 tour. I got this 2nd gen tape back in the day when it first started to make the rounds. The story I was given was that it was recorded by a guitar player in a local band. I was told he left the deck under his seat while recording, but during certain songs you can hear people whistle close to the mic, so maybe he had an external mic that he held. Regardless, the quality here is rough as the recorder is overwhelmed at times, but during quiter passaged the guitar, bass and even drums can be heard quite well. I did a little EQ work here to lessen the boom. There is a great "Machine Gun" here, Jimi stretching it out, getting some great tones, with it ending some what awkwardly with some of Mitch's drums then a "thank you." The next tune "Freedom" is the highlight for me. The song was still being developed at this point and his solo is much different from say the IOW, but what a solo! To me it sounds like "country Hendrix," just a gorgeous solo that brings tears to your eyes and makes you so happy, yet so sad that he would be gone in a little over for months. Maybe Jimi was inspired by the opening band, Country Funk. I also love the intro notes to "Train" before the song starts, just really melodic. Here is a recollection of the show that appears in the latest issue of Univibes (www.Univibes.com)
"He started with his ivory (white) guitar, but played his black Stratocaster most of the night. One thing I remember is that during the last song he shot the finger at someone in the audience and left the stage cutting the song short."
This indeed seems true and Voodoo Child ends prematurely!    

