Jimi Hendrix

Tulsa [FD Clean-Up and 2 Source Merge Version 2]

Civic Assembly Arena, Tulsa, OK 07.06.70

Two Sources - EH Stream LEFT, CTT Torrent Right

1st EH Source - Mp3 (128kps) Stream > FLAC > Adobe Audition 3 (NR, Filter and Volume) > FLAC
2nd Source - CTT FLAC Torrent (Lineage - Trade CD > EAC > Adobe Audition 3 > TLH Level 6 
(funky drummer) > Adobe Audition 3 (NR, Filter and Volume) > FLAC

EH Stream speed corrected to CTT torrent speed.

01. Intro
02. Spanish Castle Magic
03. Stone Free
04. Hey Baby (New Rising Sun) [cut]
05. Hey Joe [intro cut]
06. Freedom
07. I Don't Live Today
08. Foxy Lady
09. Red House [cut]
10. Message to Love
11. Room Full of Mirrors
12. Flamenco Solo
13. Star Spangled Banner
14. Purple Haze
15. Ezy Rider
16. I Don't Live Today (1 Source Substitute)
17. Ezy Ryder (1 Source Substitute)


OK, this was one of the first tapes I tried, and listening back to it, my first attempt was somewhat cringeworthy. 
This is totally redone from scratch with the two transfers in circulation.
Straight off the bat - why the MP3 at all? Here's why, the EH transfer has a more prominent mid-range than the CTT torrent. 
I never of course normally use MP3 but this is the only source of the EH transfer I know of. The tape itself is one of the poorer quality 1970 shows anyway, and 
it is impossible to hear any loss of sound quality really, anyway...even at 128kbps...once downloaded you can listen between the two, and if you want it in Mono just choose a channel, as they are hard panned L/R. EH Left CTT Right
After cleaning one and then the other, I thought, between them both is a better representation of the different frequencies, so I merged them. 
Not too hard except that there were a lot of speed fluctuations between the two transfers, and in particular 
07. I Don't Live Today
15. Ezy Rider

They were hard to get into a good sync, and can be a little distracting at times. I spent ages trying to keep the tapes in as perfect sync as possible. 
If you don't care for the merged versions, you can do a direct substitute with 16 and 17 which are the EH Mp3 derived 1 source tapes. 

In terms of cleaning, I realised my previous mistakes with the last go-round...EQing just didn't help the sound at all. 
This time, I just used noise reduction, some filtering and a little volume boost. 

For those who like to complain - listen to this versus the original source which is referred to http://www.earlyhendrix.com/6743/1970.htm as REASONABLE  - it is never going to be great, but I think it is pretty listenable...
Tulsa is a great show, and perhaps underrated because tape is so hard to listen to - Jimi is in a great mood.

