Jimi Hendrix
Los Angeles Forum
April 25, 1970


Contrast Clause: This is different from this upload as that is source 4, while this is a mix of sources 1-4.


Crowd/Intro (Source 4)
Spanish Castle Magic (Source 1&2)
Foxy Lady (Source 1&2)
Lover Man (Source 1&2)
Hear My Train A Comin' (Source 1&2)
Message To Love (Source 1&2)
Ezy Ryder (Source 1&2)
Machine Gun (Source 1&2)
Room Full of Mirrors (Source 1&2)
Hey Baby (Source 1&2)
Villanova Junction/Drum solo (Source 1&2)
Freedom (Source 1&2)
Stars Spangled Banner(Source 1&2)
Voodoo Child (Slight Return) (Source 1&2)
Outro (Source 3)

Notes:
This is something that's been in my mind for awhile, and I finally got around to doing it: Assembling the LA Forum 4/25/70 show so we get the complete night. What we have here is:
1) 10 minutes of show build up from the crowd with commentary (4th source)
2) The show (merged from sources 1 & 2) from Audio Archive cd "Enjoy Jimi Hendrix"
3) A 3-4 min outro (Source 3) with comments from the taper

Here we have Hendrix playing the first show of his last tour. Sadly, his management (or maybe Jimi himself) chose not to record this show (as far as we know.) Alas, the fans to the rescue. At least four tapers were present that night:

Source 1: This was pressed into the famous Rubber Dubber 2 Lp set and copied many times over through the years. The tape runs out during Ezy Ryder and Rubber Dubber cleverly edited the song. The recording caputures Jimi's guitar very well, almost as though it's a feed from the soundboard (IMHO), while the vocals, drums and bass are more distant.

Source 2: A nice recording of the complete show. A bit more distant than Source 1, but complete and provides the missing part of Ezy Ryder.

Source 3: The taper leaves his recorder running after the gig as he and a friend make their way out of the Forum.

Source 4: The taper starts his recording before the show begins.    


This may have been done before, but I'm not aware of it. We all know and love the show, but what's cool to me is the comments from the fans before and after. It puts the listener in the moment.
During the Source 4 pre-show recording (interstingly there is no house music), the taper and his friends sound like a group of high school seniors as they refer to taking the SAT tests, a test to get into American colleges. One is looking at Scripps College in the LA area, another at Cal Poly in San Luis Obispo. We also hear them trying to interview a police officer (no luck) and the taper wonders "what are those two things." Is he referring to the rumored video screens??? From the intro we also learn it's about 10:40 p.m. before Jimi comes on and we hear the moment the lights go down and get a play-by-play of the crowd rushing the stage when the lights go down, despite pre-show admontion from the stage to clear the aisles. "This didn't happen for the Stones!" one guy says as he we watches the spectacle. He must be referring to the Stones 11/8/69 show at the Forum. This recording goes right to the moment before Spanish Castle Magic starts

Then we switch to the the show (merged from sources 1 & 2) from the Audio Archive cd "Enjoy Jimi Hendrix." For audience recordings, this provides an excellent representation of the show. The gig is very "clean" sounding IMHO, almost slightly sterile in sound. 
 
During the Source 3 outro, we hear how the crowd was yelling and stomping for Jimi to come back to the stage for an encore, but our taper confidently says a couple of times that Jimi never comes back for an encore as he and his pal leave the Forum. (I think I read once Jimi rarely did encores as he believed people would want to go buy his records without one). We also hear him by a couple of Hendrix posters for a buck each. Once senses the taper had seen Jimi before and ws a big fan, and I'm sure he was heartbroken by Jimi's passing 5 months later.

I can't help wonder what happened to those high school kids as time marched on, or our taper leaving the Forum. Thahks to them and the other tapers, we can hear very clearly what it was like when Jimi, Mitch and Bill took the stage at the Forum on April 25, 1970.  

Anyway, there you have it! I just Frankensteined this from the available sources, so transitions between sources may not be smooth.