Jimi Hendrix - Band of Gypsys  
The Definitive CD version transferred from 180 gram's Classic Records vinyl edition.

01. Who Knows 
02. Machine Gun
03. Changes (Buddy Miles) 
04. Power of Love 
05. Message to Love
06. We Gotta Live Together (Buddy Miles)  

All song by Hendrix except where indicated

Jimi Hendrix – Vocals / Guitar 
Buddy Miles – Vocals / Drums 
Billy Cox – Bass Guitar / Backing Vocals

Recorded live at the Fillmore East, NY on January 1, 1970 

Produced by Heaven Research Limited (= Jimi Hendrix)
Recorded by Wally Heider
Mixed by Eddie Kramer / Jimi Hendrix
Re-Mastered & Lacquer cut at Sterling Sound, NY by Eddie Kramer / George Marino

Source: 
Classic Records/Capitol ST 472 - 180 Gram Version No. 1323  
(Matrix: ST 472-A/B1 1A - EK - sterling - GM) -> Technics 1210mk2 
with -881mk2s stylus -> Tascam DA20mk2 (A-D conversion 16 bit, 44kHz) -> 
PC -> Adobe Audition (Editing, De-clicking by hand) -> CDwave -> FLAC (8)

Transferred by Prof. Stoned
Artwork by Ektachromeplain

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Notes by the Prof.

Because John McDermott wrote some excellent liner notes for the EH 1997 
CD/LP version of this album -which are included in the artwork- I won't bother
to tell the whole story again.
But I would like to give some additional background information. 

The album Band of gypsys was an contractual obligation, and Hendrix
weakest album to come out during his lifetime (aside from the albums
he didn't approve for release).
Four shows were recorded over two nights, but effectively only two shows were used.
The album has its good moments ('Machine gun' and a rough but spirited 
'Message of love') but also some glaring low points
with 'Them Changes', a strongly edited version of the Buddy Miles' soul circus 
'We gotta live together' and a light-hearted jam called 'Who knows' 
which does contain some GREAT guitar playing, but also some embarrassing 
cooings from Buddy in the middle (he sounds like a drunken pigeon).
The song was never played again live after these shows.

The reason why Hendrix opted to choose two Buddy Miles tracks is simply
because he wanted he keep his best new material for a future studio release.
It was also a small personal revenge against Ed Chalpin, the man had signed
him as an artist four years earlier and the man who Hendrix owed the album to.
Hendrix' soul was not fully into this record; it was a formality that had to be handled
as quickly as possible.
Afterwards, Chalpin was not too pleased with the album either; claiming
that according the contract he should have been the producer and that 
it should have been a Jimi Hendrix Experience album. 

Buddy Miles -who was a few year younger than Hendrix- had been one of the 
few musicians to play with Jimi during his glory years who was also a close friend.
Miles was light years behind Hendrix as a songwriter, musician and vocalist, 
but highly ambitious with Hendrix as his main role model, 
calling his own group the Buddy Miles Express after the J.H. Experience. 
Miles was even quoted saying he regarded himself the leader of the Band of Gypsys. 
Hendrix -a sensitive personality who hated to confront people with their
own inhabitants- let Buddy have his way until he finally couldn't stand it no more.

That moment came on January 28 1970, the day of the disastrous gig when 
after three songs Jimi just sat down on the stage and refused to play on.
Miles failed to see why Hendrix was so demotivated and that Hendrix took the 
easy way out by letting his manager Michael Jeffery sack him after this gig.
Jeffrey and Miles never saw eye-to-eye about the Band of Gypsys adventure, 
and it was probably a lot easier for Buddy to blame him than his good friend Jimi.
But the rumor that Miles spreaded afterwards about how Jeffrey had spiked Hendrix 
with bad acid before that last BOG's gig was just ridiculous and untrue.

It must have hurt Hendrix that he was forced to release this album,
even though sales would later prove that it hadn't really lessened his audience.
After his death, the album's reputation only grew and is often quoted to have
been a strong influence on many funk, soul and (ferchristsakes) hip-hop artists .
But despite its interesting background, and the typical mixture of Rock, RnB & Funk
that the Band of Gypsys created, it remains a mediocre Hendrix album. 

On 13 April 1970, Reprise released a Band of Gypsys single 
"Stepping Stone" / 'Izabella' (Reprise 0905), and quickly withdrawn it again.
These two tracks are included here as mystery tracks (shhh!).
Both tracks were recorded in January 1970 in the Record Plant studio.
Only few copies of this single leaked out, making it a ultra-rare item.
According to Hendrix: "Some of the copies out there have no bass
on them. I had to go out somewhere and tell the guy to remix it
but he didn't. Sure, it matters..."  
The A-side is of such quality that it could have lifted up the whole BOG album.
It reflects that Hendrix was not done rocking yet, and still had some great 
timeless songs in him.
His feeling for the blues but also his wonderful sense of humor shine through
in this song (listen to it on headphones!). 

Both tracks later appeared in remixed versions on the posthumous 
album War heroes. 
During the summer of 1970, Jimi opted to erase Miles' drums from the 
multitracks of "Stepping stone" to be replaced by Mitchell's.
However, the drums were never fully completed to Hendrix's satisfaction
during his life and the single version included here remains definitive.

*** The Sound Quality Issue.

The Band of Gypsys album has had many LP and CD releases.
However, there are only two issue's that really matter.
The 1st US pressing on Capitol in 1970 with the RL (stands for Robert Ludwig) 
initials in the dead wax and the 1997 vinyl re-issue as cut
by Eddie Kramer and George Marino from the original analogue 
2-track mix down tapes which is used for this release.
These two make all the CD's sound like dogshit.
And all other LP's pressings are inferior compared to these two.

Among the CD's, there is only one that used the mastertape but that
CD (the EH 1997 version) does not sound all too well thanks to the brickwall mastering. 
The first Polydor issue (813-xxx) suffers from high generation sources
and lots of compression. The Polydor 847-xxx CD with the three bonus tracks
from the 'Band of gypsys 2' release uses the same source, but in addition to 
that it has noise reduction and digital limiting.
The pre-1993 Japanese Polydor CD's are similar if not identical to the W-German's.
And the Capitol release on CD from 1995 used a 1st or 2nd generation
production master and was digitally limited as well. 

The first Capitol pressing by Robert Ludwig and the 1997 reissue on vinyl do 
not sound the same and each of them have their (minor) disadvantages.
The RL has a more smooth sounding mid, but somehow misses the detail
in the hi-end (the cymbals) that the re-issue has.
The re-issue sounds brighter, and also a tiny bit more heavy in the low-end.
Maybe it is a bit too bright and boomy at times (on 'who knows', for example).
But it is without a doubt the one source that captures the information
of the original mixdown tapes best. 

It should be said -though- that even in its most purest form, 
this album is not among the very best sounding Hendrix releases. 
A lot of that has to do with bleeding through on the vocal 
channels, the feedback which comes from the stage monitors
and also the fact that nearly every song was differently mixed.

The two mystery tracks are sourced from the EH/Classic 150 gram red vinyl release
of Voodoo Child: The Jimi Hendrix Collection with the same equipment as described above.
I have decided to have them seemingly unaccredited here because I'm hoping
for a sonical upgrade (from the original 7") in the future.
But don't get your hopes up too high...
The 4LP box sounds decent but not as dynamic & warm as it could have been,
and it is very likely sourced from a digital master (unlike what the sleeve claims).
It does blow the (brickwalled) CD version of this compilation out of the water easily though.
The original mix of 'Stepping stone' was also released on the 1990 compilation
'Cornerstones' but that CD has noise reduction, and was therefore unqualified for this collection.  

(NB: the tracks also appear on the recent Classic release 'The singles collection vol. 2"
which probably uses the same source master, although I can't confirm that).

Enjoy!
