Jimi Hendrix - Caruso Insult Session - Room Full Of Mirrors Poetry Recital BT Tape

01 The Paul Caruso Rag Session
The Paul Caruso Rag Session, Jimi's hotel room, The Warwick Hotel, New York City, NY 07.03.68
Recorded during March-April 1968 period, this is mostly a recording of Paul Caruso and Mr.Wiggles trading good-natured insults with each other. Jimi is there too, and makes occasional comments, but he stays in the background while the other two talk. There is also another person in the room ("three coons in the room and a whitey"). The recording is often referred to as "The Paul Caruso Abuse Session" or "Rag Session", and starts with a loose attempt at "All Along The Watchtower" and ends with "Bright Lights, Big City".
The third person that participates in the so-called "Paul Caruso Rag Sessions" or "Paul Caruso Abuse Sessions" along with Jimi and Paul Caruso, has been identified as Mr.Wiggles.

02 Room Full Of Mirrors Poetry Recital
Known by various names (most commonly "Room Full Of Mirrors Poetry Recital" and "Closer To The Truth"), this is the recording of Jimi talking over songs by Eric Burdon from the LP "The Twain Shall Meet". During the recording, portions of 3 songs from that LP appear: "We Love You Lil", "No Self Pity", and "Orange and Red Beams". The tape speed was corrected by synching to those songs. Most copies going around run too slow, making Jimi appear stoned (maybe he was) or sleepy. Also, most other copies have been de-noised; This one is unaltered. In addition to Jimi speaking, he also plays along with "Orange and Red Beams" during the last two minutes of the tape, continuing after the song fades out. This recording is often dated around Feb. 1969, perhaps due to the mention of a "room full of mirrors" by Jimi during the recording. However, the lines he quotes bear little relation to the song of that name. In fact, there are features that suggest this was recorded in Spring 1968 rather than nearly a year later: 1) Burdon's LP appeared in late 1967. It seems unlikely that Jimi would have been dwelling on it over a year later. 2) This tape is a stereo home recording very similar to the others we have from this period. 3) Unlike the mention of a "room full of mirrors" that isn't really very similar to the song, lyrics are quoted from "Somewhere" that match very well the song that was recorded in Spring 1968. Therefore this recording seems likely to originate from the Spring '68 period, and so is included in this collection. This recording follows directly after the Caruso recording on the earliest known sources. It's likely that this is just a reflection of the ordering on an early transfer and doesn't indicate actual recording order, but the order has been preserved just in case.

Denon HD6/90 - Denon 770R azimuth adjusted - Soundblaster X-FI HD - Adobe Audition 3 44.1 k - TLH Flac level 5
This tape originated from Bob Terry
Thanks to Charlie (zombywoof57) for the tape.
Transfer by Pat (hawkfan369) 

