Jimi Hendrix - Am I Blue
Release Date: November 2004
Label: Purple Haze Records [HAZE006]
Catalog #: 8-35810-00337-4

Purple Haze Records was shut down by the Hendrix Estate last year and is no longer in existence, so this title is quite hard 
to find.


Tracklist:

Disc 1:

01. Lord I Sing The Blues For You And Me (10:38)
02. Country Blues (10:46)
03. Villanova Junction Blues (27:35)
04. Stray Blues (9:18)

Disc 2:

1. Voodoo Chile (8:49)
2. Three Little Bears/South Saturn Delta (12:32)
3. Once I Had A Woman (8:17)
4. Cherokee Mist-]In From The Storm-]Valleys Of Neptune (10:56)	
5. Hear My Train A Comin' (12:05)

Unfortunately no detailed information about these tracks is provided in the liner notes, probably in an unsuccessful attempt 
by the label not to get sued.  Ha, that worked well!  The same versions of Voodoo Chile, Once I Had A Woman and Hear My 
Train A Comin' from the second disc are on the 1994 MCA release 'Blues'.  Even if you already have that album I highly 
recommend this for the other tracks that previously have only been available on bootlegs, except for much shorter versions 
of Country Blues and Cherokee Mist that are on the Experience box set.  The sound quality here is equal to those official 
releases, somewhat over-compressed in my opinion.  Aside from the overlap of some tracks that are easily available elsewhere, 
I think Purple Haze did a very nice job with this compilation.  It's a must have for Country Blues and Villanova Junction 
alone.  Also check out the end of Lord I Sing the Blues for some great Jimi vocals.

Purple Haze Records:

Jimi Hendrix's other attributes have long clouded the realization that he was a blues man at heart.  He loved to write the 
blues, play the blues or simply jam around on an old blues hook.  It is only in recent years that this side of his playing 
has been allowed to come to the fore and here we present nine superb extended examples of that genre.

Lord I Sing The Blues For You And Me was often attempted by Jimi, usually with whichever musicians were hanging around, but 
a finished version never made it to disc until now.

Country Blues is exactly what it says, a blend of the best aspects of country and blues into a perfect vehicle for some 
relaxed, laid back playing of the highest caliber.

Villanova Junction was always known as a short instrumental coda, which closed the Star Spangled Banner medley in the 
Woodstock movie.  We can now reveal its full glory in an electrifying version lasting over 25 minutes.  Challenging every 
aspect of the blues, it is a mystery how this has remained hidden for almost 40 years.

Closing the first disc is Stray Blues, another example of Hendrix's willingness to unwind by ending a studio session with a 
loose jam with whoever was present.  A Hendrix a-side is worth 2 albums of any other artist and this is no exception. 

Disc two opens and closes with classic blue Hendrix.  The extended Voodoo Chile blues featuring such luminaries as Steve 
Winwood encapsulates Hendrix in the studio as he soars and swoops to new levels of genius.  Closing the disc is the live 
version of Hear My Train A Comin' which crystalizes his live blues playing, taken from the greatest of his live shows.

In between those two can be found 3 tracks which cover no less than 6 songs, such was Hendrix's ability to slip from one 
theme to the next.  The first is the jovial Three Little Bears which sequels into a relaxed South Saturn Delta. Once I Had 
A Woman covers a theme, which probably dominates over 50% of all blues numbers, especially, but not exclusively Hendrix's.
The 3 song montage of Cherokee Mist/In From The Storm/Valleys Of Neptune covers just about every aspect of Jimi Hendrix. 
There are elements of blues, jazz, country, soul, pop and rock to be found in there and only Hendrix could make them seem 
part of the one greater whole.

Pour yourself a glass of Jim Beam sit back and enjoy the ride.