Jimi Hendrix
"Jewel Box"

liberated boot (original)>eac>wav>mkw>shn


1."Love or Confusion" was recorded live for the BBC studios for their saturday club sessions on February 13, 1967. The track is fron the first Jimi Hendrix LP "Are You Experienced", and is the only known live version ever recorded.

2."Spanish Castle Magic" is one of the few songs from Jimi's second album "Axis Bold as Love" that he performed in concert. This cut was recorded live for broadcast by the BBC  for their Top Gear show on Christmas eve 1967.  Also featured on the show were Traffic and David Bowie.

3."Hear My Train A Comin'" features jimi at his best.  This is the earliest recorded version of a tune Hendrix often performed live in a variety of moods and tempos including a solo version featuring Jimi on acoustic Guitar.

4."Voodoo Child (Slight Return)" recorded May 3, 1968 is an unreleased outtake from Jimi's "Electric Ladyland" album.  There were eight different takes of Voodoo Child recorded, but most takes ended early due to broken strings or mistakes.  This version was the fourth take and the longest run through before Jimi selected the eighth take as final version.

5."Burning Desire" was redcorded during the Band of Gypsys rehearsal sessions in late 1969.

6."Hootchie Kootchie Man" written by Willie Dixon, is an old blues Standard. Jimi loved jamming on tunes and this recording shows why

7."stop" was recorded live in concert during the Band of Gypsys only concert performances on December 31, 1969 at the Fillmore East.

8."Johnny B. Goode" was recorded live in 1970 at the Berkeley Community Center in Berkeley California.  The group included Mitch Mitchell on drums and Billy Cox on bass.

9."Freedom" was recorded on August 30, 1970 at the Isle of Wight festival in England.  Jimi's appearance at the festival was his last major concert performance.

10."Midnight" was recorded in 1970 and was originally released on the " war Heroes" album.

11."Beginning" recorded in 1970 with Mitch Mitchell and Billy Cox. "Beginning" was the song Jimi chose to open his set with at Woodstock.

12."Rock N' Roll Band" by the Eire Apparent was produced by Jimi and features Hendrix prominently on guitar.  The song is a basic rock & Roll tune and is impossible to find as it was released only as a B-side in England. This track is one of the very few guest appearances that Jimi recorded outside the Experience.

13."Earth Blues" was recorded in 1970.  the cut was released Posthumously on the  "Rainbow Bridge" Lp.

14."Pali Gap" was recorded in 1970.

15."Hey Baby (New Rising Sun)" was one of the final tunes Jimi was working on before he passed away September 18, 1970. Jimi often played this tune live and planned on using it on his "First Rays Of The New Rising Sun" album. The track was included on the "Rainbow Bridge" LP.

As printed in the liner notes of the cd.

Home Records HR-5924-3