Jimi Hendrix

"Sessions:  And You'll Never Hear...Surf Music Again" 
  (Scorpio JH-07003, 2008, 5CDs)

Lineage:
Original factory-pressed bootleg CDs -> EAC -> WAV -> Flac

- Artwork included.

Disc 1: The Baggies Sessions: 
- Band of Gypsys Rehearsals, Baggy's, NYC, NY 18-19.12.69 
- Outtake 1969

Disc 2: The Band Of Gypsies Rehearsals: 
- Band of Gypsys Rehearsals, Baggy's, NYC, NY 18-19.12.69 
- Fillmore East, NYC, NY 31.12.69, 1st & 2nd Show

Disc 3: Gypsy Sun And Rainbow Sessions: 
- Woodstock Rehearsals, Jimi's House, Shokan, NY july-sept.1969 
- Dick Cavett Show, ABC TV Studio, New York City, NY 07.07.69

Disc 4: Jimi Are You High?: 
- Woodstock Rehearsals, Jimi's House, Shokan, NY july-sept.1969 
- Woodstock Music & Arts Fair (Woodstock Festival), Yasgur's Farm, Bethel, NY 18.08.69 
- United Block Association Press Conference,Frank's Resturant, Harlem, NYC, NY 03.09.69 
- Dick Cavett Show, ABC TV Studio, NYC, NY 09.09.69 (incl.interview)

Disc 5: In Session: 
- Outtakes 1969 
- Blue Window Jam (1-2) > Message To Love (1) with The Buddy Miles Express

Track list:
Disc 1 
The Baggies Sessions:  
01. Message To Love Take 1
02. Message To Love Take 2
03. Message To Love Take 3
04. Message To Love Take 4
05. Message To Love Take 5
06. Message To Love Take 6
07. Ezy Ryder Take 1
08. Message To Love Take 7
09. Message To Love Take 8
10. Little Drummer Boy /Silent Night / Auld Lang Syne
11. Little Drummer Boy 
      (overdubbed with party noises and female background choir)
12. Burning Desire
13. I'm Your Hoochie Coochie Man
14. Earth Blues (different lyrics
15. Message To Love Take 1
16. Message To Love Take 2
17. Ezy Rider Take 1
18. Ezy Rider Take 2

Disc 2 
The Band Of Gypsies Rehearsals:  
01. Who Knows (instrumental) Take 1
02. Who Knows (instrumental) Take 2
03. Who Knows (with vocals by Jimi & Buddy) Take 3
04. Who Knows (instrumental) Take 4
05. Who Knows ( long version with vocals by Jimi & Buddy)
06. Message To Love (with vocals by Jimi & Buddy) Take 1
07. Message To Love (with vocals by Jimi & Buddy) Take 2
08. Paper Airplanes
09. Machine Gun
10. Peoples Peoples Peoples (C#Blues)
11. Earth Blues
12. Burning Desire

Disc 3 
"Gypsy Sun And Rainbows" Sessions:  
01. Intro by Dick Cavett
02. Getting My Heart Back Together Again
03. Izabella/Machine Gun
04. Message To Love
05. The Dance
06. Sundance
07. Jam Back At The House part 1
08. Intrumental Jam
09. Jam Back At The House part 2
10. If Six Was Nine
11. Why I Sing The Blues
12. Free-form Jam

Disc 4 
Jimi Are You High?:  
01. Here Comes Your Lover Man take 1
02. Here Comes Your Lover Man take 2
03. Getting My Heart Back Together Again
04. Spanish Castle Magic
05. Message To Love
06. Get My Heart Back Together
07. Master Mind
08. Gypsy Woman
09. Press conference
10. Intro/Izabella
11. Machine Gun 
12. Interview

Disc 5 
In Session:  
01. Izabella take 1
02. Izabella take 2
03. Izabella take 3
04. Tune up
05. Izabella take 4
06 Izabella take 5
07. Izabella take 6
08. Machine Gun take 1
09. Machine Gun take 2
10. Machine Gun (alternate version with percussion
11. Studio chat (Buddy and Jimi)
12. Blue Window (just 0.23 of the song)
13. Blue Window - Message of Love (instr.) 

Notes (http://boot-review.com/page29.html):
"Sessions" released by Scorpio gathers rehearsals, live cuts and 
a few studio sessions surrounding two of Hendrix’s most historic 
performances. The Gypsy Sun and Rainbows was the first project 
assembled after the departure of Noel Redding and was rather 
hastily put together for Jimi’s Woodstock performance. Later on 
that year the Band Of Gypsys would play the New Years Eve 
shows at the Fillmore East in New York. These Fillmore shows 
would be recorded for a live album to resolve a previous 
obligation Jimi had with Capital Records.

 Most of discs one and two are rehearsals from Baggy’s with the 
Band Of Gypsys featuring Billy Cox on bass and Buddy Miles on 
drums. Baggy’s was an old warehouse located in Manhatten and 
opened by former Soft Machine road manager Tom Edmonston for 
the purpose of rehearsing a full band without time or volume 
restrictions and at a more affordable price than an expensive 
recording studio. Some of these rehearsals were recorded using a 
two track reel to reel machine fed from the soundboard. It’s really 
cool to hear them working out the arrangements for the tracks that 
would be part of the Fillmore shows and hearing these rehearsals 
is like actually being there.

 “Message To Love” is played at a much slower tempo to start and 
it’s not until track six where it starts to come together and becomes 
more upbeat. The exact nights that these tracks come from isn’t 
clear but “Burning Desire” and “I’m Your Hoochie Coochie Man” 
come from December 18, 1969 and were featured on Polydor’s 
Loose Ends, released in 1974, and deleted since. These two tracks 
can now be found on the Dagger Records title Baggy’s Rehearsal 
Sessions released in 2002 from Experience Hendrix.

 Among some of the tracks on disc one are two takes of “Little 
Drummer Boy”. The first is a longer medley containing 
“Silent Night/Auld Lang Syne” recorded at Baggy’s and the second 
version is an edit from that take with choir overdubs probably added 
at the Record Plant at a later time. Disc one also contains an early 
version of “Earth Blues” recorded at the Record Plant on 
December 19, 1969.

 Disc two starts with the band running through several attempts at 
“Who Knows” including an introduction not featured in the Fillmore 
arrangements. The last attempt is by far the longest and features 
some incredible playing from Jimi. Some of these Baggy’s rehearsals 
tracks are found on Whoopy Cat’s Band Of Gypsys Rehearsals and 
copied on the no label release of the same title. Scorpio offers more 
of the “Message To Love” tracks than featured on these two titles 
and the first version of “Ezy Rider” is complete, being 45 seconds 
longer than the no label version. Scorpio’s “Who Knows” is also in 
stereo and mastered to be less harsh as opposed to the no label 
version which is in mono.

 To fill out disc two, Scorpio uses live tracks from the early show on 
December 31, 1969 with only “Machine Gun” being from the second 
set. “Paper Airplanes”, or “Power Of Soul”, as it is now referred to, 
was the opening song and goes right into “Lover Man”, not listed or 
indexed on the box set. The previous three tracks are all from the 
soundboard source. “Peoples, Peoples, Peoples (Blues in C#), “Earth 
Blues”, and “Burning Desire” are the closing tracks from the first 
show and are from the audience source. All of these live tracks were 
most recently featured on Watch Tower’s The Band Of Gypsys 
Archives from 2003 and with the exception of “Machine Gun”, have 
never been available officially. The soundboard portions sound almost 
identical to Watch Tower but the audience source is a bit louder and 
brighter on Sessions.

 Disc three opens with Jimi’s first appearance on the Dick Cavett 
Show where he plays one of the strangest versions of “Getting My 
Heart Back Together Again”. The upbeat funky arrangement is almost 
unfitting for the blues lyrics but certainly a curiosity. The rest of this 
disc is from Hendrix’s rented house in Shokan where we hear 
preparations for the upcoming Woodstock performance. Jimi had good 
intentions for the Gypsy Sun and Rainbows project but Larry Lee was 
no match for Hendrix and two conga players were a bit overkill. This is 
probably the least interesting disc of the set but it’s still Jimi and that 
alone is worth the listen. When compared with The Woodstock 
Rehearsals 1969 on Midnight Beat, I found that Scorpio boosted the 
levels which brought out a lot of the tape hiss. Midnight Beat also has 
a track labeled “Sundance” which is not included on Sessions.

 The Shokan rehearsals continue on disc four and although Scorpio has 
an extra take of “Lover Man”, they run way too fast. There are also a 
few selected tracks from the Woodstock performance here starting with 
an audience source for “Message To Love” and a guy explaining how 
he stood on the stage with a hand held microphone. We hear where the 
title for this disc comes from as someone near the taper yells 
“Jimi, are you high?” “Getting My Heart Back Together”, 
“Mastermind”, and “Gypsy Woman” come from the soundboard source 
with the latter two tracks featuring Larry Lee on lead vocals. These 
tracks were sadly overlooked and omitted from the official Live At 
Woodstock release. Even though the songs are average it still has some 
sweet guitar playing from Hendrix and we can hope that someday maybe 
Dagger Records will issue them. Following the Woodstock tracks is 
Hendrix’s press conference for the United Black Association and his 
second appearance from the Dick Cavett Show. Both Dick Cavett 
appearances are also officially available on the Experience Hendrix 
DVD Jimi Hendrix: The Dick Cavett Show.

 Disc five takes us to The Hit Factory in New York on August 29, 1969 
for a recording session with Gypsy Sun and Rainbows. “Izabella” and 
“Machine Gun” are the focus tonight with the final “Machine Gun” 
containing percussion overdubs. These tracks, with the exception of the 
second “Machine Gun”, can be found on After Woodstock on Dandelion. 
Scorpio mastered these to bring out more of the lower frequencies but 
both titles sound excellent so it is once again a matter of one’s taste. 
Rounding out the final disc of the set is Hendrix’s jam with The Buddy 
Miles Express from Mercury Studios in March of 1969 with two takes 
of “Blue Window”. An edited version of this jam was featured as part 
of Martin Scorsese Presents The Blues: Jimi Hendrix released on the 
Experience Hendrix label in 2003 in superior quality and at the correct 
speed. This unedited take from Sessions is about six minutes longer 
and is a very cool jam that is a perfect end to this awesome box set.

 Sessions from Scorpio is a great convenient way to obtain this material 
and even if a lot of it has been issued unofficially before, there are some 
sound quality upgrades as well as some longer outtakes. This set comes 
highly recommended.  

March 2008.