The bands: Audioslave and Jane's Addiction
Venue: Coors Amphitheatre
Location: Chula Vista, California USA
Date: August 17, 2003
Source: Audience - Taped from the 200 section near the boxes
Lineage: DAT master
Recording Equipment: Sony DAT PCM-M1 w/ Oade Brothers mics
The Taper: The Ramblin' Taper
Engineering and mastering: John 
Artwork by: Eric
Title: Pornopalooza
Label: Let It Rip Productions
Set list:
Disc 1 (65:41)
Audioslave set:
1. This Land Is Your Land (intro)
2. Exploder
3. Set It Off
4. Light My Way
5. Like A Stone
6  Super Stupid
7. Gasoline
8. Shadow On The Sun
9. (What's So Funny 'Bout) Peace,Love & Understanding
10. I Am The Highway
11. Seven Nation Army (White Stripes Cover)
12. Show Me How To Live
13. Cochise
Chris Cornell - Lead Vocals, Guitar
Tom Morello - Guitar
Brian Wilk - Drums
Tim Commerford - Bass
Disc 2 (62:10)
Jane's Addiction set:
1. Up The Beach
2. Stop
3. Mountain Song
4. True Nature
5. 1%
6. Strays
7. Ocean Size
8. Summertime Rolls
9. Just Because
10. Ted Just Admit It
11. Jane Says  
Perry Farrell - vocals 
Dave Navarro - guitar 
Stephen Perkins - drums 
Chris Chaney - bass 

Welcome to Lollapalooza 2003 ! Only the Audioslave and Jane's Addiction sets were recorded by the Ramblin' Taper that day and with today's date being August 17, 2008, this recording is now 5 years old and has not seen the light of a trading circle until today ! 

With this production we've decided to split it up into two volumes, Volume One, which features Audioslave and Volume Two that features the closing act, Jane's Addiction.  This is the kind of concert where things can pretty wild and I do mean WILD ! During Audioslave's set Chris Cornell shouts at a fan because the fan gave him the middle finger! Overall, the set they do is pretty nice and in addition to their own material, they cover a White Stripes song. 

It's "Surf's up, everybody !" with the Jane's Addiction set, as Perry Farrell is very candid this night, and the band is performing at their very best. This tour was supposed to be their last
and because of that they pulled out all of the stops.

In my personal notes regarding the engineering of this show, I reduced the bass with EQ at minus -5 and with the Audioslave set at minus -1.  The Jane's Addiction set is very bassy.  The reason for the title is because the taper's girlfriends talk nasty during the show and I'm sure you all will enjoy that, it's all very arousing, lol !!  

As for the artwork, it's extensive and represents the moments of history for this show and a extra
special thanks goes out to Eric for accomplishing that.    

Lastly as with all Let It Rip Productions they are put out solely for sharing, trading and or torrent only. Please, do not exchange currency for these types of recordings.

Enjoy !
John  

