Audioslave 
March 7, 2003 
Eletric Factory
Philadelphia, PA 

coresound cardiod stealth (center balcony)  > sony d-8 

supporting act: Burning Brides

1. Intro
2. Set It Off 
3. Light My Way 
4. Gasoline
5. Like A Stone 
6. Super Stupid (Funkadelic cover)
7. Hypnotize
8. What You Are 
9. Exploder
10. Last Remaining Light
11. Working Man (Rush cover)
12. Show Me How To Live
13. Shadow On The Sun
14. crowd
15. I Am The Highway
16. Cochise


Electric Factory, Philadelphia, 7 March 2003

Nina's review

It was absolutely freezing!! I was with great company as I was the night before!! Stargazer, U4ria, Kevin and now we were with FOPPSTER TOO!! We got to the venue early again that night. Stargazer knew exactly where she wanted us to stand and our frost bitten toes paid off!! But before we entered, U4ria and I walked around by the buses just to check 'em out. Little did we know, another bus was entering the parking lot behind us. we followed ever so nonchalantly... Much to our surprise, CC exited the bus and entered the venue very quickly, then Brad, Timmy and Tom exited. I missed Brad, but Timmy and Tom stuck around to sign a few autographs. I wasn't prepared for this and didn't have anything for them to sign except for my T-shirt!! I forgot, I was wearing my A.S. Tee that night. All I can say is they obliged and now I have an autographed tee to prove it!! They were really nice guys!! 

Ok Ok Ok, back to the concert. The Electric factory was AWESOME!!!! We were in the balcony by the bar, but only about 15 feet from the stage!! Burning brides set the stage for Audioslave and when Audioslave came out I can see that CC was wearing the exact clothes that he wore the night before!! I wasn't at all disappointed!! In fact the monitor that was on the back of Chris' pants were pulling them down ever so slightly so we got a peek at his buns a couple of times!! :) Chris' energy was definitely better than the night before. I think it was the smaller crowd and the fact that he could see his fans better.. We got his attention a couple of times up on the balcony but the highlight of the evening was when he jumped down from the stage to shake Fopp's hand. We were all so happy for him and you can tell Fopp was beaming!! After the show, we decided to wait by the stage doors. It was only about an hour before Tim and Tom came out and signed autographs and a few pics, but when Chris came out with a Posse!! He was scurried into a white van but not before he wave to the crowd. I can't say I wasn't disappointed at that moment, but I was lucky enough to have met him in the past so it was ok. He's a huge star now and once again the crowd went nuts when he exited the stage doors!! I can't say I blame him. It was still an unforgettable evening!! 

And ... finally, I must thank Leo and her family for her hospitality, Diane and Kevin, Foppster, JBSLOOP and everyone else I was with. Thanks for making my two days a blast!! You guys roooooccckkkkkkkk!!!!
