AudioslaveMadison Square GardenOctober 29, 2005Disc 11. [Intro by Mary Morello]2. Your Time Has Come3. Set It Off4. [Monologue]5. Doesn't Remind Me6. [Monologue]7. Out Of Exile8. [Monologue]9. Spoonman (Soundgarden)10. Hunger Strike (TOTD)11. The Worm12. Like A Stone13. Be Yourself14. [Instrumental w/ guitar solo]15. Sleep Now In The Fire (RATM)16. Testify (RATM)17. [Improv intro]18. Shadow On The SunDisc 219. [Monologue]20. Black Hole Sun (Soundgarden)21. Getaway Car22. I Am The Highway23. Show Me How To Live24. [Monologue]25. Killing In The Name (RATM)26. CochiseChris Cornell - g, vocTom Morello - g, vocBrad Wilk - dr, vocTim Commerford - bLineage: 48 khz Stereo Audio from Video Torrent > Logic > EQ, Balance, Compression, Sub Bass, Limiter > 16/44.1 AIFF > iTunes > FLAC8This is remastered stereo audio that I extracted from a video torrent that I got off DIME in 2007. It represents a major improvement in sound—adding overall clarity and punch. In addition to correcting L-R balance, EQ, and compression, I also patched a couple of small (shorter than one second) dropouts that were part of the original audio by cloning the identical part from another portion of the song. These consisted of little more than a snare hit or kick drum here and there. They blend seamlessly with the recording.Ultimately I'd love to see someone marry this new, improved audio to the original video footage, since that was shot from far enough away to cause a time-delay between image and sound. I have no idea who captured the original footage but I tip my hat and say "thank you" to them, as well as to the fantastic musicians who made this show so special. It was a true gift to hear this amazing band and completely stunning setlist. My own highlight that night was hearing “Hunger Strike” which came as a huge surprise to me. In fact, for all the stunning music that came out of Seattle, which wound up on the soundtrack of my own life, my favorites remain the “side projects”, AKA: Temple of the Dog and Mad Season.This torrent is dedicated to the memory of Chris Cornell. I saw him perform twice: first with Soundgarden at Lollapalooza on August 9, 1992 at Jones Beach (where I didn't quite pay as much attention as I now wish I had). I'd love for someone to post audio from that gig. Short snippets consisting of three tunes have floated around but I’ve never seen the complete show circulating. If you have it, post it, please! The second time I could witness Cornell’s powerful voice live was at the show featured in this torrent. Until better audio surfaces, this is a great document of the show.Fly free, Chris Cornell.