Bon Iver
The Other Stage
Glastonbury
Sunday 28th June 2009


tufty D50 > WAV > amplified in audacity > FLAC > you


01 Creature Fear
02 Lump Sum
03 Skinny Love
04 Bracket WI
05 Beach Baby
06 Blood Bank
07 Flume
08 For Emma
09 The Wolves


setlist from http://www.nme.com/news/bon-iver/45784



I nearly passed this one by, but realising I still had some some space left on a memory stick on the Sunday I asked Mr Mikey "North American Scum" if there was 

anything he'd like me to record, and he suggested this. Am so glad he did. I had heard the album from a guy at work and if honest I wasn't that keen. Hearing

the music live though has changed my opinion - For Emma live, wow, I still get goosebumps on my neck when I listen to it. Definately a Glastonbury moment. I can't

wait to tell the guy at work I experienced a Bon Iver crowd sing-a-long ha ha! There's something cool about catching a band before they know how good they are - 

the singer was clearly overwhelmed by the positive reaction from the crowd and it was fab to be a part of that.

And now the bad news, though hopefully not too bad. Firstly, having been told to expect a laid back, mellow set, I decided to chance my arm up near the left hand side

main speaker. Main reason for this was the banging techno eminating it's way over from the Glade. You will hear techno music in the background of the recording,

at points, this couldn't be helped I'm afraid, but it's not too bad. Secondly, I wasn't happy with where I was situated during the first track, there was so much 

bass and it was much louder than I expected so I decided to change positions to nearer the sound desk, I think probably during track 2.  

There is also a volume fluctuation in track 1, when I had to quickly alter the recording level. All in all though I don't think these minor issues 

detract from the recording too much. 



A 5 track webstream of this set is currently available on the 6 music website - 

FLAC rip here - http://www.megaupload.com/?d=0PCS6M98

be sure to check out http://teawithtufty.blogspot.com/ for other Glasto bits and pieces



Finally, thanks to sml42 for his super recording of the boys at the Park Stage. Good effort all round : )



Tufty - July 2009
















