Billy Corgan
5th July 2025
Villa Park
Birmingham, UK

SOURCE (AUD#1)
Internal Mics > H2 Zoom Recorder

TRANSFER:
H2 Zoom Recorder > Audacity, some clapping reduction, fading in/out, tracking -> WAV -> Traders little helper -> FLAC Level 8

GENERATION:
WAV(M) > FLAC

LENGTH:
10:41

SETLIST:
01. Breaking the Law
02. Snowblind

NOTES:
Billy's performance as part of Supergroup B
What: Back to the Beginning, a celebration of Black Sabbath and Ozzy Osbourne music. Audience Recording (AUD)
When: July 5th, 2025 (2025-07-05)
Where: Villa Park soccer stadium, Birmingham UK  (Oak Roam seat section, left side of stadium, about half-way down)

I am still (over a week later) struggling with the reality that I was there!
It was expensive.  But zero regrets! Wouldn't have missed it for the world!

One of the reasons I wanted to be there was to witness the dedication to Randy Rhoads.
IMO the fact that so much music was performed that Randy was the original guitar player on, was already quite the dedication.
To my surprise there was a separate dedication done by Tom Morello, followed by a video segment by Kathy Rhoads.
To my complete surprise and this is something that leaves a lot of question marks in my brain: This wasn't included in the stream!!!
(01 under Ozzy Osbourne)
The Osbournes have been claiming for decades that there is no more video footage with Randy Rhoads.  
Kathy showed a short clip of evidence to the contrary. Maybe this is why it wasn't included.

IMO others that have played an instrumental part in Ozzy's and Black Sabbath's success should have been mentioned as well.  (I know the list is longer)
Like: Bob Daisley, Lee Kerslake, Tommy Aldridge, Brad Gillis, Dio, Vinnie Appice

There were multiple schedules out there.  One said start at 1:00, another 1:30.  Result: I missed the first Mastodon song.
There are 3 things I don't like about the Zoom H2 recorder: #1: It's super slow with file discovery on larger SD cards.  
I used a 32GB card this day and it would take several minutes to power up.
I ended up just leaving it on the whole time (I had 4 sets of batteries with me, so figured that should do the trick.  
And it did) so I could just press record. Which brings me to #2: to start recording, you need to press record, and then press record again.  
But you can't press it too soon or it won't start recording.  Which is what happened for Halestorm.
And it's indirectry caused by #3: recorded is attached to the mics.  So, to check to see if it's recording, or to check the levels, 
I need to take it out of its hiding place, which causes rubbing on the mesh covering the mics, which you would hear on the recording.

RECORDED BY:
enchantgy (enchantgy@hotmail.com) 
