The Smile
Los Angeles
December 22, 2022
Shrine Auditorium

Lineage:
1. Multiple IEM Receivers > Multitrack Recorder (24/44.1)
Taper: Sharebear/hoserama

2. Schopes MK4 > Baby N-Box > Tascam DR-2D (24/48k)
Taper: daspyknows

First song patched from Scooter123's master (same mics rig)

Mixed by sharebear/hoserama
Dithered using Izotope MBIT+
Flac'ed using Trader's Little Helper
Mix version 20230122

--

01. The Same
02. Thin Thing
03. The Opposite
04. Speech Bubbles
05. A Hairdryer
06. Waving a White Flag
07. Colours Fly
08. We Don't Know What Tomorrow Brings (false Start)
09. We Don't Know What Tomorrow Brings
10. Under Our Pillows
11. Free in the Knowledge
12. Skrting on the Surface
13. Read the Room
14. Pana-Vision
15. The Smoke
16. You Will Never Work in Television Again
17. Encore
18. Open the Floodgates
19. Bending Hectic
20. Feeling Pulled Apart by Horses
21. Free in the Knowledge*
22. People on Balconies^
23. Just Eyes & Mouth^

* From 12/21/2022 Los Angeles
^ From 12/18/2022 San Francisco

--

Show Notes:
Final show for the 2022 Smile shows. Bit of a weird introduction with Thom telling folks to get to their seats, which was interpreted by a bunch of folks that they should all be sitting down. Also cut one of my favorite songs from the encore (so included it as a bonus track from another show). Still, nice solid outing from the Smile.

Recording Notes:
Recorded all the available IEM feeds. Jonny doesn't wear IEMs so sometimes his effects sounds are a little more recessed than I'd like, but there's always the original audience recording if you miss it too much. 

--

HUGE thanks to faninor for the seat hook-up, which was used by Daspyknows.

--

As always, encouraging people to get into taping and mixing. Just take the craft seriously and it will reward you many times over. There's no point in complaining about missing recordings or subpar quality if you're not contributing--pushing 1's and 0's around on the internet is no comparison for taping.

--

IEM recordings are not for everyone. If not they're not your thing, either sonically or ethically, well at least you didn't spend any money on this.

Similarly, I'm mixing primarily for my ears. This is what sounds best to me. This may not sound best to you. That's a fair statement. I'm open to honest criticism (although you should have caught me when I was working on the mix!), but pointless complaining is unappreciated (naturally). Let's play nice.

--

Please don't sell this recording in any way - no cash for blanks, 2:1s, or any other form of "getting paid for your time". Just share it freely.

Please don't convert to mp3, then back to wave, and then trade it around. This stuff is too easy to find on torrents now.

Feel free to remaster/remix this recording. Just keep it to your own computer and iPod.

Also, please don't torrent or share on other sites without at least dropping me a line and asking. I may want to just torrent/share it there myself. This means you, guitar101!

Please ask (and wait for permission!) before putting it into any matrix + video production. If you ask nicely for a quality high-res video project, I will likely say “yes”. If you put it on YouTube or cell phone video production without asking, I will send my cats from hell to chew your computer cables.

--

Enjoy y'all!
- Hoserama/Sharebear

