The Smile
Hammerstein Ballroom
NY, NY
November 20, 2022 

** Editor/uploader comments: a great wrap-up of the 3-show NYC run!! It was a bloody cold Sunday to queue and we were quite happy to hear doors would open at 6 rather than 6:30. BUT then, as Daspy points out, the venue people announced that the 'will call' office for the WASTE tickets will open at the same time as doors - so half of our line was having a collective heart attack. And after some back and forth - OMG - they actually pushed door times by about 45 min! At 6 pm a lady came out to the queue with the box of will-call tickets and distributed them all to a big round of applause :) Security guys were saying 'tell everyone Hammerstein has the best security' :) A FANTASTIC show, great sound, which is not that typical for Hammerstein ;) A little technical glitch deprived us of Waving a White Flag - and Open the Floodgates listed for the encore was not attempted as a result. Oh well - can't have it all! The tape is spectacular - MANY ENDLESS THANKS from all the Radiohead fans to Daspy. Cleanup-wise, there was no aggressive woo-hoos and whistles, but there were some folks chatting and occasionally giggling nearby, and I basically axed and muddled them wherever I felt like they were getting distracting lol I threw my ticket in, and here we are - please enjoy!! ** 

Recorded by Daspyknows 
In front of SBD
Schoeps BabyNbox MK4 NBox Tascam DR-2D 24 Bit 48K

Processed by inez using Izotope RX


Master 2022.148

01. The Same
02. Thin Thing
03  The Opposite
04  Speech Bubbles
05  Pana-Vision >
06  > A Hairdryer
07  Waving a White Flag - dropped due to tech glitch with the synth
08  Bending Hectic
09  We Don't Know What Tomorrow Brings
10  Read the Room
11  Bodies Laughing
12  Skrting on the Surface
13  Thom talking about being back in NYC - People on Balconies (with Robert Stillman)
14  The Smoke (with Robert Stillman)
15  You Will Never Work in Television Again (with Robert Stillman)
Encore:
16  Crowd
17  Just Eyes and Mouth 
18  Colours Fly (with Robert Stillman)
19  Feeling Pulled Apart by Horses (Thom Yorke song)

Third show of the NY run at the Hammerstein Ballroom.  This show was more convenient (a couple
subway stops from where I was staying and given the entire floor was GA there was less urgency
to get there early.  It was cold so arrived mid afternoon and got my number and saw friends.  
Security seemed to think those with number were VIP so those not in the know ended up in the
second group.  My ticket was at will call as was many of the people in front and we started
hearing that will call was going to open at same time as doors which would have been a mess.
After much consternation they had someone come out to the line with the box of will call tickets
and we were able to get tickets before doors opened.  I got in and after surveying the room I
decided to grab a spot with my back to the soundboard cage even though it was a bit further
back than I wanted.  It was the right move as the place was oversold and very crowded.  The
Robert Stillman set was the same and by the time The Smile came on the place was packed.  I
spent a good part of the show pushing people forward and getting my feet stepped on but it was
worth the pain.  The sound was better than what I had been warned and the band was in top form.
Thom commented about enjoying the NY run and wishing it was longer.  If it was I would have 
continued going and looking forward to some west coast shows.  
  
Just the basic taper requests here and please no vitriol: 
Don't be an ass by selling this or using it in a video that is sold 
Don't modify the info file 
Don't remaster and/or post on other sites that are not 100% free like Guitars 101
If shared keep info file intact but create a second file 
Don't convert to lossy formats except for personal use 
Do support the artists 