The Smile 2024-06-09 Koeln, Palladium 

Thom Yorke's super-group sidekick, amazing musicians on stage, art/prog-rock with a jazz twist.
Even if this is not your type of music (well, usually not mine), you need to admit the true craftmanship of these gents.
There's an impressive artist on the drums, a magician on trumpet/saxophone, a wizard on guitar, bass, and whatever comes to your mind whilst I am running out of superlatives.

Here's what Wiki says:
The Smile are an English rock band comprising the Radiohead members Thom Yorke (vocals, guitar, bass, keys) and Jonny Greenwood (guitar, bass, keys) with Tom Skinner (drums). Critics likened them to Radiohead, with more jazz, krautrock and progressive rock influences and a looser, wilder sound.
- sorry for not knowing the fourth member on stage -

Sold out Palladium, Cologne, local newspaper says that 4.000 people attended. 
We got in early, obviously not early enough to secure a place on the balcony, so we needed to stand downstairs (for 4 hours in total!). Despite all of that, I am DELIGHTED how this turned out. Standing around 15 meters away from the left speaker stacks and no Basketball Allstars in front of us, the sound was absolutely great. And the magic ZHOPAN has added afterwards, remastering, balancing the levels and clearing up the channels mkaes it even better (THANK YOU AGAIN!!!!), this is absolute headphone listening pleasure.

Thousand kudos to Pavemalk for the ticket & company! Zhopan for remastering and the audience to being so attentative (just a few chatters, but hardly audible). Just listen to the samples.

I used Setlist.fm as indication and compared track names with the tunes of the recording. Please be gentle with me, I am NOT familiar with their songs at all, might have skipped or mis- identified some tracks. But I think I got fairly close, anyhow this is what you get according my damaged ears

1h 54 mins, and seems they played 1 song more than usual?

01 Wall of eyes
02 The opposite
03 A Hairdryer
04 Speech Bubbles
05 Colours Fly
06 Skrting on a surface
07 Instant palm
08 Waving a white flag
09 Thin Thing
10 Don't get me started
11 Friend of a friend
12 Read the room
13 We don't know what tomorrow brings
14 Teleharmonic
15 Pana- Vision
16 Under our pillows
17 You will never work in television again
18 Bending hectic
19 - encore call -
20 The Same
21 The Smoke
22 Feeling pulled away by horses
23 You know me!


Support Act: James Holden - will be uploaded later


Lineage:
DPA4018 - Roland R26 - SD Card - HDD - ZHOPAN - Audacity - TLH > you!

DRILL:
Support the artist, without them the world would be such a lonely, ugly, sad place. 
And say thanks to your partners in dime, the collaborators without whom you would not have anything to download!

