The Gin Blossoms
Chuy's Night Club, Tempe, AZ
Summer of 1990

A rare tape of the Blossoms prior to recording their first album.  At this
time, the Blossoms were "the band" to see in Tempe.  Their regular haunt was  
Long Wongs on Mill where they were considered the "house band" playing three 
times a week for weeks on end.  As their popularity grew, they began playing a 
number of other venues.  If the Blossoms had a second home, it was probably Chuy's 
(although some would claim the long closed "Sun Club" was also their home away from
home).  At any rate, this show, captured at Chuy's in the summer of 1990 is a great 
piece of history for long time Gin Blossoms fans.  

For newer Gin fans, there are a number of references to members in the band as 
"Del Montes." Early in the band's history, the band took on the AKA of "The Del Montes." 
Perhaps the original concept of the Del Montes was that they would play more
covers.  Del Monte shows and Gin Shows, however, soon were indistinguishable 
from each other and members of the bank were often referred to as their 
AKA Del Monte names in Gin shows.  

The Blossoms were notorious for putting on "loose" shows with copious amounts
of banter with the audience.  This show is highly indicative of that trait.  

While the sound quality of this tape is not the best, the show does have
significant historical value as it has Doug Hopkins playing lead guitar.  
Doug was not only a great song writer, but also had that special stage presence that 
every rock player wants.  Doug Hopkins playing live on stage is best way to remember him.

Here is the lineup that night:

Doug Hopkins - Lead Guitar
Jessie Valenzuela - Guitar, Vocals
Bill Lean - Bass Guitar
Robin Wilson - Lead Vocals
Phillip Rhoads - Drums


Enjoy. 

Disc 1

01 Alison Road (Fades in)
02 Lost Horizons
03 Dream With Me
04 (Philly's dog story - conversation with crowd)
05 Cajun Song
06 Angeles Tonight
07 (conversation with crowd)
08 Fireworks
09 If I Only Had A Brain
10 Sugar (poor your fucking sweetness over me)
11 Idiot Summer
12 Pieces of the Night
13 Dead Skunk In The Middle Of The Road
14 Movin' On Up
15 Surf Jam


Disc 2

01 Found Out About You
02 Slave Dealer's Daughter
03 (conversation)
04 Just South Of Nowhere
05 (happy birthday Sharon - conversation with crowd)
06 My Hands Are Tied
07 (conversation with crowd)
08 Hey Jealousy
09 Kelli Richards
10 Teenager In Love (why must I be a fucking teenager in love?)
11 (conversation with crowd)
12 Anything That Is RocknRoll is Fine
13 I'm Already Gone
14 (conversation with crowd)
15 Hard Day's Night
16 (conversation with crowd)
17 Cowboy Song
18 Dead Flowers (cuts off at the end). 

 
