Weezer
Dec. 22, 2005 (THU)
Venue: Studio Coast
Location: Shinkiba, Tokyo, Japan

Source: SP-CMC-8 (AT943) -> SP-SPSB-6 (with bass roll off set at 69Hz)
        -> Sony MZ-NH1 Linear PCM 44.1kHz (manual rec. mode)
        -> Hi-MD 1GB disc
Lineage: NH1-> USB -> Sonic Stage 3.2 -> Wav 
         -> Audition 1.5
	    (Fades, level adjustment, normalizing only; no remastering)
         -> CDWave 1.94.5 beta 
         -> Flac Frontend level 8 
            (Flac 1.1.2a/Frontend 1.7.1 Verify/Align/Tags)

A Big Salty Release (BS-007d) (DIME Version)
(recorded and compiled by BS Productions)
released on DIME: Dec. 26, 2005

01 My Name is Jonas
02 Perfect Situation
03 Don't Let Go
04 Dope Nose (Scott vocals)
05 Across the Sea
06 I Don't Know How to Love Her (cover song from Jesus Christ Superstar)
07 Hash Pipe
08 Why Bother? (Brian on vocals)
09 El Scorcho
10 Say it Ain't So
11 We are All on Drugs > Bass Solo > Joy to the World
12 Surf Wax America
13 The Good Life
14 Beverly Hills
15 Photograph > Song 2 (blur cover) (Pat on vocals/guitar, Rivers on drums)
encores:
16 Island in the Sun (acoustic, Rivers solo)
17 Haunt You Every Day
18 Buddy Holly

There is no officially released music on this recording. The opening
tape of "When You Wish Upon a Star" and anything played over the
PAs after the show have been totally cut from this recording to
meet DIME requirements.

Please DO NOT SELL this recording, it should be available for free.
Please do not redistribute in lossy format.
This file must accompany this package to preserve lineage info.
Please support the artist and purchase official merchandise.

Position: 1st tier about 6 feet above the floor facing the left
speaker stack (about the same distance away from the stage as the
soundboard, but on left side). Thus, stereo separation is not
perfect.

Final night of the Weezer tour.

This was the third consecutive night in Tokyo at this venue.  The
first two nights were filmed for an official DVD release.  It was
evident that this show was not being filmed. So until official word
on the contents of the official DVD release, this will be the only
show released on DIME.

As with the rest of the shows, Island in the Sun was performed by
Rivers solo acoustic at the rear of the floor in front of the
soundboard.  Thus, stereo separation fluctuates significantly during
this song.

It was a killer show with a cover song not played the nights before, 
and also a different encore song from the previous two nights.

This recording is dedicated to Rivers. I hope you don't mind that
it's being shared. I hope you can enjoy it as much as all the music
I've enjoyed from you.

Congratulations, and all the best to you and your future.
Please keep the music coming.

