Weezer, Collective Soul, Our Lady Peace kick-off Burlington Sound of Music, ‘90s-style

Hamilton Spectator
By Graham Rockingham 
The '90s were alive, well and rocking out on the Burlington waterfront this weekend.

The first-ever ticketed Sound of Music Festival event took place in Spencer Smith Park Saturday, featuring strong performances from post-grunge U.S. bands Collective Soul and Weezer, as well as Canadian alt-rock stalwarts Our Lady Peace – three acts that started up more than 20 years ago and enjoyed some of their biggest hits before the start of the new millennium.

Although the crowd was smaller than organizers had hoped, the 6,000 people who paid about $70 for tickets, including taxes and fees, had a grand time reliving the songs that many had first heard in their teens.

PHOTOS: Burlington Sound of Music kick-off concert

The show, which ran from 2:30 to 10:45 p.m., was a major test for Sound of Music executive director David Miller who had to convince concert-goers to shell out for tickets for a festival that had been free for more than 35 years.

With the fenced-in portion of the park approved for a capacity of 12,000, Miller said they had hoped for a crowd of 10,000, but still called the event a success and would continue the ticketed "Kick-off" event next year.

The goal, Miller said, was to attract bigger name acts to Burlington and raise funds for the four-day free portion of the festival, which gets underway under way Thursday night at the waterfront park with a performance by Canadian country star Chad Brownlee, and continues through Sunday. Other featured acts include David Wilcox, The Tea Party and Loverboy.

"We wanted to sell out," Miller said. "We won't put as much in the pot as we wanted to but it was pretty good for a first try. And beer sales will help a lot too."

Indeed, beer sales appeared brisk. The entire fenced in portion of the park was licensed and there were long line ups at the beer tables and even longer ones at the port-a-potties.

Miller said Saturday's line up was intentionally skewed to draw a mature audience.

"We wanted to have an audience in the 25-50 age range," Miller said.

The highlight of the day was the closing set by Weezer, the California power pop foursome fronted by nerdy songwriter Rivers Cuomo, whose lyrics, at times seem stolen from the pages of MAD magazine.



Weezer offered up 17 songs, most of them hits, in a businesslike set, delivering their wry lyrics with deadpan expressions. The charm of the band is Cuomo's ability to sing songs about frayed sweaters, choo-choo trains, Mary Tyler Moore and hash pipes, without breaking a smile.

The band's set list delved deep into its history, with early hits like "Buddy Holly, "The Sweater Song" and "Say It Ain't So," played along side post-millennial ones like "Beverly Hills" and "Pork and Beans."



Toronto's Our Lady Peace also came up with a strong set, with singer Raine Maida drawing on '90s hits like "Clumsy" and "Superman's Dead" with more recent material like the anthemic "Innocent" and his 2014 cover of Lana Del Rey's "Summertime Sadness."

Collective Soul, a band that started up in Georgia, tried to bring a more contemporary feel to the proceedings by apologetically peforming four new songs from an upcoming album to be released in the fall. Nostalgia won out, however, with crowd singalongs of '90s hits like "The World I Know," "Gel" and "Shine," which front man Ed Roland introduced as a "gospel" song.

A crowd favourite was the late afternoon performance by Burlington heavy rockers Finger 11, a band which first played the festival in the '90s under the name Rainbow Butt Monkeys.



"Our first time was right back there in the little gazebo," singer Scott Anderson told the crowd before the band performed their song "First Time." "That was the stage back then."

Besides performing its international hits like "One Thing," and "Paralyzer," the Juno-winning band also introduced four new songs off its upcoming new album "Five Crooked Lines," scheduled for release July 31.