Weezer
Amoeba Records - Hollywood, CA, USA 
November 1st, 2017 



"I Lost My Guitar"



VG+


Lineage / Equipment: 

4th row of bins to the left (about 25' directly facing center stack) / dead center / fob 
-> 6.7' h -> at933's (4.7k dt mod) cards -> naiant pipsqueak pre (+4dB) -> sony pcm-m10 (24/48) 
-> san disk extreme plus 16gb class 10 micro sd - 80mb/s -> usb -> audition 3.0 (moderate level adjust 
+11dB l / +13dB r - fades - normalization - de-clap process) -> har-bal 2.3 (slight e.q.) -> 
audition 3.0 (dither to 16/44.1) -> cd wave editor (track split) -> tlh (flac level 8, etc...) 
-> DIME -> you -> sense of enjoyment -> sharing is caring -> support the artist (yes) -XX 
convert to mp3 (no!!!) 


K.I.L.L. = Keep It LossLess 






Setlist: 


01. 'Introduction'
02. Say It Ain't So
03. El Scorcho
04. Mexican Fender
05. Undone - The Sweater Song
06. Happy Hour
07. Beverly Hills
08. Feels Like Summer
09. Buddy Holly
10. Island In The Sun


37:40 



Weezer are... 
 
Rivers Cuomo - Lead Vocals, Acoustic Guitar, Keyboards on 06.
Brian Bell - Acoustic Guitar, Backing Vocals.
Patrick Wilson - Drums.
Scott Shriner - Bass, Backing Vocals.




The performance: 

Cuomo and Company make a brief stop to L.A.'s Amoeba Music to play a very rare acoustic set to promote their latest album, 
"Pacific Daydream". The album sees the band continuing their "Beach Boys" phase. "Mexican Fender", "Happy Hour" and 
"Feels Like Summer" explore the sunny skies and cool breezes of California. Much like the "White Album", it's a "summer album", 
just in time for Christmas! Apparently Rivers had intended to start writing material for the "Black Album" exploring more somber 
themes. What fun would that be? Instead we have perhaps the band's most upbeat record. Even when singing about a "sad day" in 
the mid-tempo "Happy Hour", Rivers earnestly emotes that "I can't wait". You can hear Brian trying to dial in the sound coming 
through the monitors throughout the performance. In spite of some technical issues with the sound (in the form of some mic howl), 
the band turns in an excellent performance.


The recording:

I had arrived 3 hours prior to the band's scheduled start time to get in line. There were already 100+ people in front of me. 
When I was finally ushered into the store I was placed in the 4th row of bins dead center. I was directly in line with the 
store's center fill speaker. The recording has a nice balance of vocals and instruments. There is a lot of detail here. There is 
also ample stereo separation. With that being said, I was not immune to experiencing technical difficulties as well. I had 
developed a loose lead at the beginning of "Say It Ain't So". When I saw the levels go off the scale during the first song, I knew 
something was wrong. Sure enough, the connection from my pre to recorder had become loose. I experienced 57 seconds of intermittent 
static on both channels before I got things sorted. I was able to carefully patch that segment from cell phone video that I had 
shot. It's fairly noticeable and less than ideal, hence the VG+. Still, in my opinion, it's better than listening to bursts of 
static. It's too bad really, because it's one of the better things that I've taped of late. The audience was understandably excited. 
Cheering is very loud but mostly reserved in between songs. Even the sing-alongs and clap-alongs are excellent! Really!


Highlight:

The unexpected "El Scorcho". I wish they had performed "Hash Pipe". It's kinda my jam.








Please support the band by buying their new album "Pacific Daydream" or by attending one of their shows with Pixies next summer... 

http://www.weezer.com






Enjoy, 


mixter_