Weezer
Sunday, June 11, 2023
Bonner Springs, KS
Azura Amphitheater

Lineage: Internal mics>Tascam DR-05, version 2 (set at 24 bit/44.1 khz)>Audacity for track splits and editing>TLH to encode to FLAC Level 8

Intro
My Name is Jonas
Beverly Hills
Return to Ithaka
The Good Life
Pork and Beans
Pink Triangle
El Scorcho
I Just Threw Out the Love of My Dreams
Blast Off
Undone (The Sweater Song)
California Kids
Susanne
Only in Dreams
The Greatest Man that Ever Lived (Variations on a Shaker Hymn)
Island Hymn
Perfect Situation
All My Favorite Songs
Say it Ain't So
Run Raven Run (Guitar solo only)
Hash Pipe
Thank You and Good Night
The Waste Land
Surf Wax America
Buddy Holly

My story with this maybe begins in 2019 when I first saw them with the Pixies. I planned to tape both bands, but upon checking my recorder during intermission discovered it died about halfway during the Pixies set (if you are curious, I do still have the WAV file and would like to split that up at some point and run a torrent on it but I am not sure when that will be). Had I known that was going to happen, I would have skipped Pixies and grabbed what I could have of Weezer. I went with a buddy and we had landed VIP passes, so my seat was about 10 rows behind the pit. In retrospect, this may have been a curse in disguise as I had to do some serious low end taming here and I am still not totally satisfied. I ran a high pass filter and EQ'ed some bass out, but the bass drum still seems to distort ever so slightly (it was quite high in the mix anyway at the show, but I was surprised at how clear it was at the volume level it was running). My buddy said he noticed the drum tech screwing around with the drums all night, especially in the first half of the show. I will be saving the original raw WAV file in case someone wants it and thinks they can improve on my work here. As for the performance itself, it seemed up to the usual superb Weezer standard. I found Pink Triangle, Only in Dreams, Beverly Hills, The Sweater Song and Island in the Sun to be especially enjoyable. Rivers Cuomo made a reference to Wichita at one point in the show and after that the city he seemed to be in was Wichita instead of Kansas City. Finally, if you are planning to downsample to burn to disc you can split it wherever you want but it is somewhat set up for a split between Only in Dreams and The Greatest Man that Ever Lived.