1993.07.11 - Finsbury Park - London, England


Band name: Pearl Jam
Date: July 11, 1993
Venue: Finsbury Park
Location: London, England

Media: 1 DVD
Version: Central Cam
Filming type: Audience
Source information: Video: 1st gen VHS
Generation: 1st
Video format: NTSC
Aspect ratio: 4:3
Total running time: 55m-10s
Chapters: Yes
Menus: Yes
Number of camera angles: 1
Number of audio selections: 1
Track listing:

 
Animal
Go
Once
Blood
Even Flow
Jeremy
Glorified G
Daughter
Alive/(Improv)
Why Go
Leash
Porch/(Fuckin' Up)(Tearing)
Extras and bonus material:
Rockin' In The Free World (w/Neil Young)

Notes and comments:
Taped from the ground, in front of Jeff. Image is quite clear and there are great closeups. Despite being quite shaky its very enjoyable. Sound is good. Bonus footage of Pearl Jam joining Neil Young and his band for Rockin in the Free World (3rd gen VHS).

Audio: stereo: [ECM-909 > wm-d6-M > DAT > CDR > .wav > dEQ]
Taken from Five Horizons:
Support act for Neil Young. Shot from the left side (facing stage) and is zoomed is pretty close, so much so that we don't see much of Mike and Stone. The camera is pretty shaky and heads get in the way occasionally. Before Glorified G Eddie mumbles two lines from an L7 song (Shove) and says it's becoming America's new national anthem, referring to recent U.S. military actions. Finsbury Park apparently is not a great venue. After Daughter Eddie says, "I'm really lookin' forward to Brixton -- it's just gonna be very nice. I just can't see you all -- I feel like I'm about this big." After Leash Eddie leaves and comes back with a huge bunch of carrots. Still poking fun at the lousy view at Finsbury he says, "I've got some carrots for you all... Eat them now -- you'll be able to see Neil a little better." He pulls his shirt up over his head and the band kicks into Porch, with Eddie singing the opening lines that way. :) He later adds lines from Neil's Fuckin' Up and the Rollins Band's Tearing.
