Pearl Jam
SV049 - "THE ENDLESS SUMMER"
September 22, 1998
Coral Sky Amphitheatre: West Palm Beach, FL

Source: Sonic Studios (DSM-6P) > Sony TCD-D7 (9th row, right side) > DAT-M 48khz
	
Transfer: Master DAT > Tascam DA-20 > Monster coax > DIO 2496 > 
	CEP 2.1 (dEdit, dEQ, resample to 44.1) > CDWave > FLAC

Taper: Datfly
Transfer, Digital Editing, Remastering: BLG
Artwork: Allen Robertson

DISC ONE
01 intro (Aye Davanita)
02 Interstellar Overdrive ->
03 Corduroy
04 Brain of J
05 Hail Hail
06 Animal
07 Red Mosquito
08 Given to Fly
09 Even Flow
10 MFC
11 improv ->
12 Habit
13 Wishlist
14 Daughter
15 Jeremy
16 In Hiding
17 Lukin
18 Rearviewmirror

DISC TWO
01 Immortality
02 Do the Evolution
03 Porch
04 "Hurricanes and Riots"
05 Last Exit
06 Leatherman
07 Better Man (^)
08 State of Love and Trust
09 Alive
10 Baba O'Riley

(^) = "Angie" by the Rolling Stones is quickly teased in-between "Better Man" and "SOLAT"

Recording Notes: Editing consisted primarily of clap removal and balancing out the 
	left and right channels.

Show Notes (thanks to Five Horizons):
Stone is spotted during Rancid's set from side stage; he appears to know all the lyrics. The lead-in
music is 'Aye Davanita' again. It is a hot, humid night and Ed jokes about how the humidity is fucking
up his hair (he has a serious 'fro thing going on). The improv leading to 'Habit' (sounding much like
the 2/20/98 Maui improv musically), includes the lyrics "dropped three times." Instead of a "speaking
as ..." line, Ed plays a slow, distinctive guitar riff. Before 'In Hiding,' he comments how the next
song has a chorus he'll need help with from the crowd and how he has trouble remembering ... it "must
be that pot I smoked last night." During the 'RVM' solo, Ed strikes a pose with one arm to the right
while he is looking left, and he's totally still, not moving, but his sweat is pouring down. More effects
on the backdrop: clouds on 'GTF;' water on 'Immortality;' lightning on 'Better Man.' During the 'Porch'
jam, Ed starts singing "last dance ... last chance." (Donna Summer anyone?) The 'Angie' snippet is a
surprise, seeming as if the intent is to play the entire song but they abandon it after Mike and Ed
can't quite get it together after the first few notes. Ed tosses the microphone above the scaffolding
during 'Alive' (he doesn't climb the cord), and it isn't retrieved but remains looped into the final
encore. Before 'Baba,' Ed thanks Rancid and challenges them to play a Who song. Rather than tossing
the tambourine into the crowd during 'Baba,' he throws it frisbee-style at the backdrop, and he joins
in on guitar for a rousing ending. A rocking show with the band having fun, despite the heat. (On the
setlist but not played: 'Black,' 'Go' and 'Nothingman.') 

This is being distributed by blackredyellow.com in tandem with pj.sidewalkcrusaders.com, and is part of a
series of the best Pearl Jam shows in existence (BTW, the spell checker is now on). If the artwork is not
included, you can find it at blackredyellow.com.

Compiled by BLG on 04-21-04, modified by spacedvest on 06-27-04.