LDB Master Series #77 

Hello, this is a collection of masters I would like to seed here. I've been taping shows for more than 20 years and have an 
awful lot of masters. Most of them are in the old cassette format, some others are on MiniDisc and others are on CD. I've 
taped many shows of many artists over the years, so don't be surprised if you will find many different artists taped! Some 
shows are already circulating, some others have not circulated through collectors yet. But most of all, enjoy! 
They all come from my masters! 

PEARL JAM
Praha, Sportovni Hala
15 November 1996

01. Introduction / Go
02. Last exit
03. Animal
04. Spin the black circle
05. Hail hail
06. Red mosquito
07. Who you are
08. Off he goes
09. Corduroy
10. Better man
11. Habit
12. Even flow
13. Daughter
14. Jeremy
15. Sometimes
16. Rearviewmirrow
17. Present tense
18. Black
19. Alive
20. Mankind
21. Once
22. Hunger strike
23. State of love & trust
24. Immortality
25. Smile
26. Porch

Jeff Ament - bass
Mike Mccready - guitar
Eddie Vedder - vocals, guitar
Stone Gossard - guitar, vocals
Jack Irons - drums

Lineage: Aiwa microphone CM-30a > Sony Professional WM-D3 > Tape > Audigy Soundblaster > HD > SoundForge 7.0 > CD Wave > 
FLAC Frontend (level 6) 

A hell of a show, but it almost didn't happen. When we arrived to the Sport Hall in Prague, the trucks had just arrived and
no gear was being set yet and no soundcheck so far. The trucks had to stop somewhere on the austrian border because of the snow
for several hours. The gig was in real danger. Nevertheless, we got into the hall at about 8.30 PM and, with much relief, the
show started at about 10.15 PM, with no support act. Before starting, Ed wanted to say a couple of thanks, so he grabbed the czech 
promoter onstage to translate into local language. Then, he simply said, "let's go", with the band introducing the wild rhythm of 'Go'
(quite appropriate start!). It was freezing outside, but inside everyone was dancing and sweating. Between songs you had quite
long pauses because the musicians were trying to find the best setting, with no soundcheck previously. The set was fantastic
and at one point reminded me of the Sorpasso show 4 years earlier when the band played a version of Hunger Strike...

I taped the show from the right side of the venue. Quite good sounding (8,5 out of 10, I would say) and no cuts. I think my
version of this show has never surfaced before, so this is a good gift for all PJ fans out here. And if you're wondering 
who's the as***le singing during Daughter...that's me!!!

Enjoy the show!

ldb
