Pearl Jam
Bi-Lo Center
Greenville, SC USA
September 4, 1998

A Doodee Music Master Recording

"If it's a DOODEE, you know it's the SHIT®"
     - Stripeydave 2008

Nice Pearl Jam set from the 1998 tour supporting "Yield". I always liked that record and thought it's material translated well live. I got to make this sold out show at the last minute, winning some tickets on a local radio station a week or so before the gig. The crowd was really into this show and the band was as well. In hindsight we got a really unique show.

I was curious and did some setlist research on the PJ website and was a bit surprised to discover that this gig in lil' ol' podunk South Carolina actually has quite a few performance that are either rare for this tour or just flat out rare period. Got a nice surprise with "Oceans" as the opener, one of only 4 performances in 1998. A huge rarity here is "All Those Yesterdays", only performed live 10 times ever. Eddie turned around and sang this one to everyone sitting behind the stage. "Daughter' included an improv of "Noise Of Carpet" by Stereolab (and the band hasn't inserted that portion since) as well as one of only 10 performances of WMA from '98. Got a nice long encore including one of only 10 performances of "Mankind" from the '98 shows. Also got a big surprise at the end. The band tore thru "Fuckin' Up", only played 8 times in 1998, with the house lights on, handed out their waves to the crowd and left the stage. I'd say at least a third of the place had emptied out when the band came back onstage and pulled out "Indifference". Eddie said they hadn't been playing it that much and he was right - it was only performed 4 times on the 1998 tour.

As Uncle D is prone to do, sample is attached. As Pearl Jam is prone to urge you, use the democratic process in both selecting this recording and selecting your leaders. Enjoy.

Disc One
1. Oceans
2. Do The Evolution
3. Animal
4. Given To Fly
5. Corduroy
6. I Got Id
7. In Hiding
8. Jeremy
9. Evenflow
10. Nothingman
11. Not For You
12. Rearviewmirror

Disc Two
1. Wishlist
2. Brain Of J
3. All Those Yesterdays
4. Porch
5. Encore Break
6. Go
7. Hail Hail
8. Daughter>Noise Of Carpet>WMA
9. Mankind (Stone - V)
10. Elderly Woman...
11. Fuckin' Up (Neil Young)
12. Indifference

Trade Only. Support Pearl Jam in all their endeavors. Make your voice heard - vote.

Unknown mic>Sony WMD3 Cassette Master>BBE1002>BSR EQ3000>CDR>WAV>Audacity>FLAC


