Pearl Jam
SV032 - "A Riot in the Meadows"
10-02-96
Meadows Music Theatre
Hartford, CT

Source: [ALD > DAT > bootleg CD > CDR1 > .WAV > dEdit] + 
	[Sonic Studios > Sony TCD-D7 > DAT1 > .WAV > dEdit] > SHN

Mixing and Editing: Bill Graham
Artwork: Allen Robertson

DISC ONE
01 Intro
02 Long Road
03 Hail Hail
04 Animal
05 Last Exit
06 In My Tree
07 Corduroy
08 Better Man
09 Not For You
10 Jeremy
11 Red Mosquito
12 Black
13 Rearviewmirror
14 Lukin
15 Small Town

DISC TWO
01 State of Love and Trust
02 Footsteps
03 Alive
04 Blood/(Fame)/(Noise of Carpet)
05 Porch
06 encore 1
07 Who You Are
08 Even Flow
09 Daughter/(The Real Me)/(WMA)
10 Leaving Here
11 Present Tense
12 encore 2
13 Yellow Ledbetter

Show Notes (thanks to fivehorizons):
Great long show with a very talkative Ed. During 'Not For You' Ed talks about the meaning of the song, saying it's not directed towards fans, but "a different entity ... someone who thinks they're more important than the people making the music; the people listening to the music; or the music itself. And this is just a reminder that they're not." 'Alive' is started and stopped, because of technical problems. Ed sings 'Footsteps', while everything is straightened out. Part of the fence comes down during 'Blood' and a near riot ensues. (In reality, when the barrier came down, security guards began using pepper spray. The wind was blowing into the pavilion, forcing people with seats to venture nearer the stage to escape it, making it seem like there was a mad rush to the stage.) During 'Porch' Ed tries to calm the crowd down while Mike plays a little part of Chicago's '25 or 6 to 4'. Ed says, "It's like swimming on coral ... there are chairs and people below you, settle down!" "Darlin' you don't want to be up there. That's for the people up front. The people up top you guys go fuckin' nuts! But the people up front settle down." Before they start 'Who You Are', Ed tries to calm the crowd: "It's a little crazy up here. You can sit down, it's cool. I can see you all if you sit, or stand, you can see me too. Ok, the next three words for the next five minutes are Peace and Love." He changes the second line of the second verse saying, "fuck the stage divers." After the song he reiterates, "This is all good. We're going to keep playing but I want to change the policy in the front row here. Security, you listening? Usually you come over the top you get two, three chances. You guys, anybody who comes over the top, you're going out. Just stay on the floor, you got it, ok? You look good where you are. Just stay where you are." For the 'Daughter' tag, Ed gets the crowd to sing along, "like in New York" to 'The Real Me.'

This is being distributed by blackredyellow.com, and is part of a series of the best Pearl Jam shows in existance. 
If the artwork is not included, you can find it at blackredyellow.com.
Compiled 09/08/03 by BLG. 
More notes by spacedvest on 9/28/03.