Pearl Jam
February 5, 1995
Moore Theatre
Seattle, Washington
JEMS Master

Recording Gear: Sonic Studios DSM-6 > Sony TCD-D3 Portable DAT

JEMS 2025 Transfer: Master DAT > Sony 60ES > Sound Devices USBPre2 > Audacity 3.7.1 > iZotope RX and Ozone > .wav > FLAC > tracking and finishing via Audacity 3.7.1 and TLH

Pearl Jam is:

Jeff Ament (bass)
Stone Gossard (guitar)
Jack Irons (drums)
Mike McCready (guitar)
Eddie Vedder (vocals, guitar)

01. Intro
02. Jack Irons Theme
03. Last Exit
04. Spin the Black Circle
05. Tremor Christ
06. Corduroy
07. Not For You
08. Animal
09. W.M.A.
10. Lukin
11. Glorified G
12. Daughter
13. Rearviewmirror (abandoned)
14. Rearviewmirror
15. Immortality
16. Go
17. Blood
18. Satan's Bed
19. Black
20. Porch
21. Garden
22. Better Man
23. Let My Love Open the Door

Pearl Jam fan club members near Seattle got a treat in 1995: a pair of rehearsal shows, just ahead of the band’s first tour with drummer Jack Irons. JEMS was on hand both nights; this file set features the first.

Keep in mind that this is a rehearsal. Irons might be my favorite drummer to keep time for Pearl Jam — he’s definitely my favorite one behind Neil Young! But few will elevate this beyond what it is: a glimpse into the work that goes into becoming a polished and assured act. Still, as I write this I'm digging Irons' groovy beat for "Tremor Christ" and Ed's vocal, too. Fun for the whole family, I say.

The setlist reveals songs placed by album, for the most part, led by “Vitalogy,” the band’s most recent, followed by selections from its first two. A rough take of Pete Townshend’s 1980 hit single “Let My Love Open the Door” closes the show. Get the songs down, figure out where they go later. Advantage: Vedder. 

Irons’ tenure in Pearl Jam lasted three years: he made two memorable records that showed the band's experimental side (“No Code”) and its rebound to the straightaway (“Yield”). Accounts suggest that Irons remains a beloved figure — a mensch. Here’s a good helping of what it sounded like at the beginning.

Speaking of goodwill, let’s celebrate the ethos of giving fans free tickets to watch and listen as you get your act together. That tells you something about Pearl Jam (surreptitiously billed these two nights as “Piss Bottle Men”).

I’ve always liked seeing musicians in that setting: new songs, a new member, and the initial venture into the unknown. Jared’s tape is on the more distant side (he used stereo mics, but only captured one channel, placed here in both), but modern technology brought the sound forward: it’s a good document and we’re happy to share it. 

Thanks as always to BK and here’s to Jack Irons! Hat tip to Jared and Stan, whose contributions we think about all the time.

Share it freely, and for free.

- slipkid68