LDB Master Series #100/a 

Hello, this is a collection of masters I would like to seed here. I've been taping shows for more than 20 years and have an 
awful lot of masters. Most of them are in the old cassette format, some others are on MiniDisc and others are on CD. I've 
taped many shows of many artists over the years, so don't be surprised if you will find many different artists taped! Some 
shows are already circulating, some others have not circulated through collectors yet. But most of all, enjoy! 
They all come from my masters! 

We're now close to the end of my Master Series, which will end on #100 (although I have many more masters) with a special 
three-releases covering rock, progressive and jazz. These three releases will be very special: at least two of them have 
never seen the light in trading and the third one is an upgrade of an existing show. So, just be patient and follow my master 
series till release 100 and you won't be disappointed! 

My next series won't cover masters, but shows that have something special in it. Could be a special guest (as the recent Black 
Crowes gig with Jimmy Page), a special occasion or maybe a show where an accident happened. It'll be lots of fun for you 
guys! 

PEARL JAM
Milano, Sorpasso
18 February 1992 FM

RaiStereoUno re-broadcast 22 April 1992

(Release)
01. Introduction
02. Even Flow
03. Once
04. State Of Love And Trust
05. Alive
(Black)
(Deep)
06. Why Go
07. Porch
08. Attenzione Jam 
09. Jeremy
10. DJ comments / Breath
11. I've Got A Feeling
12. Hunger Strike
13. Bleach / Outro

in brackets: songs played in the concert but not broadcasted live

Jeff Ament - bass
Mike Mccready - guitar
Eddie Vedder - vocals, guitar
Stone Gossard - guitar, vocals
Dave Abbruzzese - drums

Lineage: JVC VHS recorder > Sony VHS c180 tape > Audigy Soundblaster > HD > SoundForge 7.0 > CD Wave > 
FLAC Frontend (level 6) 

This is the first time I've managed to have my master transferred. Actually, I started this work a couple of months ago.
In the early 90's, because of the limitations of cassettes, I used to tape radio shows on videotapes with a stereo VHS
recorder to avoid tape flips and cuts. Also, the larger band of the videotape assured a better rendition. The master was
not is excellent conditions: when I first listened to it, I wasn't too impressed. I had to play the tape several times in
order to eliminate some dust on the tape and now it sounds much better. The good thing is that the music flows without
interruptions for all its length. Apart from a few trembling of the sound, the rest is ok.

Before you listen to this, you have to take three things into consideration: first, this tour was wild and crazy, the band
was often under alcohol and maybe a couple of joints, so the music it's very primitive but absolutely fantastic; second, this
recording is raw, it ain't good mastering or these sort of stuff, it's just what came out of the PA that night and I wanted
to preserve it, so I haven't edited anything from this show or remastered it. It is the raw thing. Third, the show was one 
of the most violent I've ever seen. Play it at loud volume and invite your neighbours to listen as well, so they won't
complain!

I attended this show. It was free, so a huge crowd tried to enter, and a few hundreds were forced to listen from the outside.
Eddie was so worried about the wild audience that asked many times to the audience to be careful and take care of itself
("attenzione"! he keeps shouting to people). At one point he felt that he had to chill down a little bit, so he asked the
band to play at slower tempo, with him improvising on the word 'attenzione'. There were so many people that some of them had
to stay next to the PA and, when it collapsed, were forced to hold it on the shoulders! I tried to tape the show myself,
but I was in the back of the hall and at one point gave up because of too much pushing from the people around me.

Luckily I discovered that italian radio had recorded the show and broadcasted it live. I could not catch the first one, but
did manage to get a second broadcast a few months later. This is the complete, uncut version with DJ comments and everything
I taped. This is the first time this appears on the trading circuits. This is my gift #1 for this special 100th release.

This is dedicated to Rummenigge (aka Fanna) and all the friends who were crazy, as I was, about Pearl Jam in the early days.

ldb