Well, I'm finally getting around to digitizing my 700+ cassettes (at my wife's insistence--she wants them out of the house), so I'm going to start posting some goodies here. I taped many a show in the Toronto area from the late '80's to the late '90's, and also recorded a lot of radio broadcasts, mostly from CFNY, 102.1 in Toronto. Hope you stumble across something you like, or even a show you were at!

addendum: I have had many comments about the fate of my tapes, so for those worried about them...the masters I am boxing up and storing in my parents' basement. The others (mixed tapes, recorded LP's, etc) are getting tossed. My wife is not evil or insensitive--we live in a small place, and the many boxes were getting in the way.  This is something I'VE wanted to do for awhile, as well.  She just gave me the push. Oh, and she doesn't have shelves of makeup, or hundreds of shoes, no matter what stereotypes you care to buy in to. Her comic collection, however....


Pearl Jam--Concert Hall, Toronto, April 4, 1992

Not my recording, and I sadly missed this show.  I saw them the first time they were in Toronto and nobody knew who they were (they opened for Smashing Pumpkins and Red Hot Chili Peppers). I'll post those when I find them.
Pearl Jam's second Toronto gig, and now the crowd knows who they are!  Great show, great recording, highly recommended.  Oh, and no matter what Eddie says, Henry Rollins is not on this recording--they had a roadie dressed as Henry, complete with magic marker tattoos, come out and sing Happy Birthday to Mike.  
Thanks again to Rick the taper, who gave me some great shows.  I haven't seen him for about 15 years, hello if you're out there!

Lineage: first gen from unknown equipment>M-audio sound card>wav>flac
editing with CDWav

Track Listing:
01. Oceans
02. Even Flow
03. Why Go
04. Jeremy
05. Deep
06. Alive
07. Black
08. State of Love and Trust
09. Once
10. I Could Tell the Truth
11. Porch
12. Breath of a Scream
13. Happy Birthday, Mike McCready
14. Outshined
15. Drop the Leash

Enjoy!

This is number 149 in an ongoing series. 