LDB Special Series #12

Hello! As mentioned, here is a new series from my collection. After the Master Series, here is the Special Series.
Out of my 6,000+ shows and radio broadcasts, I have many concerts that were special for some reasons: the setlist, the
musicians, the venue or unexpected events. These are the ones I'd like to propose you. Most of these come from my
cassettes collection, so they will be released at a slower pace than my Master Series! But you won't be disappointed!
I will try to gather the most unusual things I have in my collection and, as always, your feedback and comments will be my
reward for all the work involved in this project.

PEARL JAM
Rotterdam, Ahoy
16 July 1993

01. Intro / Release
02. Why go
03. Deep
04. Jeremy
05. Daughter
06. Garden / Outro

Lineage: Radio broadcast > mastertape > 1st copy tape > Aiwa Tape Deck AD-WX828 > Audigy Soundblaster > HD > SoundForge 7.0 
> CD Wave >FLAC Frontend (level 6) 

Eddie Vedder (lead vocals, guitar),
Jeff Ament (bass), 
Stone Gossard (rhythm guitar), 
Mike McCready (lead guitar),
Dave Abbruzzese (drums)

This is the first of a series of two early Pearl Jam shows I want to seed. Both come from a pristine clean first copy from
the master tapes. First in line in the great Rotterdam show, the first of a two days series at the Ahoy in July 1993. This
one has been bootlegged various times (for example in the 'Against' silver) but honestly the quality of this one blows me
away, although it's just a part of the show. I've been listening to it on my PC over the full day because it really rocks!
I was lucky enough to follow the band since the very beginning and managed to trade quite a few low-generation shows. This
is really one of my favourite and the sound quality is just astonishing. This is the complete broadcast (although in subsequent
broadcasts they gave more) including DJ intro and outro: a must.

This one is dedicated to Rummenigge, another PJ die-hard fan from the days of the Sorpasso!

ldb