
Pearl Jam » 1992.03.02 - Paard - Den Haag, The Netherlands

Band name: Pearl Jam
Date: March 2, 1992
Venue: Paard
Location: Den Haag, The Netherlands
Type: Tradeable
Media: 1 DVD
Version: FVM
Filming type: Audience
Generation: Low
Lineage: Low gen ntsc bootleg vhs > Sony SA > dvd > demux > .m2v > DVD NTSC MpegII 16:9 WideScreen @ 4Mbps - Stereo: [1st gen analog sbd patched w/ 2nd analog sbd] + [low gen vhs]
Video format: NTSC
Aspect ratio: 16:9
Total running time: 1h-27m-29s
Transferred by: Frontviewmirror
Authored by: Frontviewmirror
Chapters: Yes
Menus: Yes
Number of camera angles: 1
Number of audio selections: 2
Track listing:

Oceans >
Even Flow
Why Go
Jeremy
Deep
Alive
Black
Saying No
Alone
Once
Porch
E:
Garden
Leash
I've Got A Feeling >
Jam
Notes and comments:

Video cuts in both "oceans" and "jeremy" patched with official Sony videos (original jeremy).
Video and audio tools: Tmpeg enc plus 2.5 + vegas 7.0e. Menus with photoshop cs2; authoring, menus and chapters with dvd architect 4.0.

Taken from Five Horizons:

Great view of the band. Shot straight-ahead and up above the mosh pit. Closeups tend to follow the star of the moment, which is a good approach because we get to see every band member shine. Good lighting. The camera is a little shaky at times but not overly so. The band was obviously having a good time. Stone bounds around a bit and Mike and Jeff sometimes venture across the stage. Eddie is all over the place. After Once the band slows things down a bit, taking time to talk and joke with each other. Someone in the front says, "C'mon just sing," and Eddie responds, "Only if you say please." The whole front of the audience: "Pleeeeeease!" Ed: "You make me feel cheap." Stone says, "Actually Mike and I are working on a Queen song we are gonna play tonight!" and before Eddie can get his fingers in his ears the two of them screech a line of Bohemian Rhapsody. During Porch he catches his mic in the rafters and scales the cord, then ventures out over the crowd where he hangs upside down and eventually drops into the audience. Eddie's little brother joins the band on guitar for the encore, a great (and very long and jammy) version of I've Got a Feeling, with Eddie adding lines from Hunger Strike. This show contains one of the very few live performances of Saying No (technically an improv), as well as Alone. Well worth your time to track own a low gen of this.