Pearl Jam
March 14, 1995
Exhibition Park: Canberra, Australia 

Source: unknown microphone > unknown recorder > analog (unknown gen) > cdr > dEQ > cdr > dEdit > cdr > flac

DISC ONE
01 Even Flow
02 Last Exit
03 Spin the Black Circle
04 Tremor Christ
05 Animal
06 improv->
07 Corduroy
08 Not for You
09 Lukin
10 Why Go
11 Jeremy
12 Dissident
13 State of Love and Trust
14 Go
15 Whipping
16 I Got Shit
17 Rearviewmirror

DISC TWO
01 Ed talking
02 Better Man
03 Alive
04 improv
05 Blood
06 encore
07 Throw Your Arms Around Me
08 Sonic Reducer
09 Garden
10 Leash
11 Porch
12 Yellow Ledbetter 

Recording Notes:
There is a cut @ the beginning of "Leash" and another during "Yellow Ledbetter" (taper hit pause button?), and some dropouts during the first song. 

Show Notes (thanks to Five Horizons):
Canberrans were treated to a long two-hour collection of Pearl Jam at their best. The Vitalogy songs, particularly 'Corduroy' and 'Not For You' took on a live, punk intensity that cannot be found on studio recordings. Of course, die-hard fans were present en masse to chant anthems, already knowing the words to 'Spin the Black Circle' and 'Better Man' front start to finish. But to hear the songs you've heard a thousand times on your stereo and walkman, 'Animal', 'Jeremy' and 'Alive', propelled with sweat and tears by the powerful, impressive,uncompromising and revitalised rhythm duo of Jeff Ament and Jack Irons, gave each tune a new urgency. The band never sounded apathetic throughout its marathon stretch; we're prepared to pay the price to hear that voice cranked to the max and actually hitting the notes in 'Rearviewmirror' and 'Blood' which most singers these days only dream about. The band loosened up when playing their Hunters & Collectors cover - possibly because it wasn't their own song - and this time the lighters didn't get their flames blown out by the onstage hurricane. Eddie screwed up the words. Who cares. Vedder didn't. At least he had the decency to play something relatively local. 'Porch', 'Leash' (which the band apparently hadn't played live for a long while) and "Yellow Ledbetter" were not obvious finishers, but they certainly wound up the evening's proceedings exhibiting the band's strengths: great melodies fired by punchy, pugilistic musicians and an abrasive lead singer with vocal chords that can go the distance. And how. You are welcome back in Canberra anytime. You might not have liked it, but it liked you. [notes by: George Huitker, April 95]

Compiled by spacedvest on 1/10/04.