1995-07-11 Soldier Field, Chicago, IL (upgrade)

Source Video: unkown
Source Audio:
Mix of: MWFM > Bootleg CD / Q101 promoCD (Animal) + CSB > DAT
Source: Mix Master > SHN (no DAE of the final mix) > foobar2000 0.8.3 (converted and bitverified identical) > FLAC > PCM (patched to sync) > AC3

Notes: Upgrade SonicReducer DVD, improve audio with 'official best audio quality' in the net. I had to patch some part of the concert to sync the audio with the video: before and after Animal and in the encores.
Difficult to sync because of video is sacky and "far behind". I made what I could ;-)
Menu and chapters by me.
Amfglobal said that it will be another big upgrade for this show. We're waiting, but meanwhile we could use this one


Show Info: 1995 Vitalogy Tour Show
Attendance: 47,000
Support Acts: Otis Rush, Bad Religion
Main Set:
Release, Go, Last Exit, Spin The Black Circle, Tremor Christ, Corduroy, Whipping, I Got Shit, Dissident, Even Flow, Improv, Deep, Jeremy, Glorified G, Daughter/(This Boy)/(The Real Me)/(W.M.A.)/(ABitW-II), Animal, Habit, Jam/Lukin, Not for You, Little Wing (Teaser), Small Town, Immortality, Alive, Porch
Encore 1:
Everyday People (w/Brendan O' Brien), Let My Love Open The Door (w/Brendan O' Brien), Better Man, Rearviewmirror, Black, Blood
Encore 2:
Yellow Ledbetter

Show Notes: First night Monkeywrench broadcast the show through the radio. The crowd is pumped, with people crowdsurfing even during Otis Rush's set. Cool 'Tommy' riff after 'Lukin.' 'Black' lyrics are altered from "sun" to "moon" and Ed gestures to the full moon above the stadium. He jokes, "There's some fancy people in the skybox ... they're blinking to us, sending us a message up there." The crowd boos and he tells them not to get angry: "... you know life has a way of working itself out, you know? Think about this for a sec, right? These are the rich, fancy people, right? They got all the luxury, right? Looks to me, like they're the farthest ones away from the stage and they're behind a fuckin' window ... you hang in the trenches long enough, it pays off ..."
Ed destroys his black Telecaster featuring the "skateboarding is not a crime" bumpersticker, smashing it against his mic stand. Producer Brendan O'Brien joins the band on keyboard for a surprising 'Everyday People' (a Sly and the Family Stone song) and then 'Let My Love Open The Door.' First lightning and later, fireworks, filled the sky this night.
Amazing setlist and long performance with the pressure on in an intimidating venue.




