PEARL JAM
Nurburgring Festival, Adenau, Germany    "Rock am Ring"
5 June 1992

Source: Sony WMD3/Sony ECM-929 microphone/TDK SA tape 
Transfer: Sony Tapecorder->Creative labs X-FI Elite Pro->Wavelab 5.01b->CD Wave Editor 1.95->Wav>Flac Frontend->Flac 

Taper: PGP

Set List: 

Intro	
Even flow
Why go	
Jeremy	
Deep	
Alive
Black
State Of Love And Trust
Once
Porch
Impro
I've got a feeling
Rockin' In The Free World
Outro (with some nice comments to the crowd from the german promoter!)


Some memories: 
Nurburgring Festival is really a huge one since years! And the 1992 edition was no exception (i will seed some other shows from the 3 festival days).

Pearl Jam played on Friday night. People were just starting to arrive when they started playing. I knew them from listening "Alive" on the radio, but that was really it. But they delivered a great show, that I really enjoyed a lot! Another band that i discovered in their early days, from which i'm still a big fan!

This show was hot (not because of the temperature, actually it rained a little bit on friday - nice way to start!), and some members of the audience were apparently having fun throwing bottles to the stage. Eddie actually mentions that Stone Gossard got hit by one in his face during "Porch", and will never forget this night!

The german promoter also mentions that at the end of the show, but not so nicely... For those who understand german.

My recording is complete, I had some small problems that night with my batteries that i had to change in the middle of the set (after Alive)- no loss of music though. I had similar problems throughout the festival, due to this crappy batch of batteries.
Also to help, I also brought with me a batch of SA-100 tapes which revealed to be a real disaster! The master is no exception, as it had some problems of tape eating ("Jeremy" on my recording is suffering from this unfortunately) 

It looks like this recording is quite rare in the Pearl Jam trading circles. Now it's time to spread the jam!

The quality is OK. Not bad for an audience recording in a festival.

My connection is slow... Be patient! 

Also, if there is any artist around, some artworks would be highly appreciated! Enclosed the ticket of the show - at that time there were still some nice tickets!

ENJOY! Remember that MP3 sucks! Therefore pls do not encode this to MP3 or any lossy format.

### PLEASE DON'T BUY OR SELL THIS RECORDING - DISTRIBUTE FREELY AND RESPECT THE BAND ###