Pearl Jam  1991-12-11 - Trees, Dallas, TX, USA

	

Set list: 
	
Wash (incomplete)
Once
Even Flow
State Of Love And Trust
Alive
Garden 
Deep
Black 
Jeremy
Why Go
Porch

Breath  (not included)
I’ve Got a Feeling (not included)


Running time:50 min


Video source:2nd gen vhs


  Video compression mode: MPEG-2
  TV system: 525/60 (NTSC)
  Aspect Ratio: 4:3
  Display Mode: Only Letterbox
  Source picture resolution: 720x480 (525/60)
  Frame Rate: 30.00
  Source picture letterboxed: Not letterboxed
  Bitrate: 6.12Mbps

Audio source:Stereo: 2nd gen vhs

  Audio Coding mode: LPCM
  Sampling Rate: 48kHz
  Audio application mode: Not specified
  Number of Audio channels: 2
  Bitrate: 1536 Kbps
  Number of Audio streams: 1


Notes:Missing first part of Wash, Breath, I've Got A Feeling. The video is a little dark specially when the camera zoom out. The date is wrong 10.10.1991.

It takes a while for Ed to warm up to the crowd but then he gets chatty, talking about how they haven’t been to Texas before, how they stole Dave from Dr. Tongue (“tough shit”) and asks if Tom Landry is there. He tells about the Singles movie and how the next song is from the movie (‘State of Love and Trust’). During ‘Alive’ he climbs up a speaker stack and jumps off, later pulling off a shoe and looking at it saying, “I’m not getting enough air out of my Air Jordan’s.” A cool version of ‘Garden’ features full harmonies by Jeff and Stone and Mike’s sweet guitar solo. Then Ed asks if Tom Landry is “… here tonight? He was on our guest list, huh? This is for Cowboy fans,” leading to ‘Deep.’ ‘Jeremy’ has a nice jam and Ed explains the Jeremy story, asking the crowd if they know where Richardson, Texas is and how Jeremy shot himself in front of his English class. “Maybe he should have just ran away … why go home? He says, “Almost all our titles are one word,” leading to ‘Black.’ He counts off the “1, 2, 3, 4? lead-in to ‘Porch’ while Mike is still untangling his guitar cord and trying to plug it in.