Pearl Jam
02/28/1992
Union of London University
London, England 


2-Source Mix: 	[Bootleg CD 'I've Got a Feeling' > CDR] + 
		[Bootleg CD 'Free World' > CDR] 


Transfer: 	CDR > PlexWriter PX-W1610A (Offset +69) > EAC v0.9pb11 >
		WAV > mkwACT v0.97beta1 > SHN
		(Performed by Rob Sierzega, RobERob23@hotmail.com)


Quality: 	A-/B+ 


Set:

01 - Wash
02 - Once
03 - Even Flow -> (Improv-All Right Now) 
04 - Alone
05 - Alive
06 - Black
04 - Deep
08 - Jeremy
09 - Why Go
10 - Porch -> (Improv)
11 - Leash
12 - I've Got a Feeling 

Notes (From 5H):

The show gets off to a rocky start, as Ed skips a lot of lyrics during 'Once' as he's trying to deal with the crowd (saying "fucking cut it out" at one point). He leads to 'Alone' with "So if you've got a heart and give it away and someone breaks it, fuck em." After 'Alone' are the famous words to crowd surfers: "Hold on one second ... see your boots there ... the big shiny metal buckles? See these people's heads here, because they are people's heads and these aren't fucking casaba melons. Everybody, it's a beautiful thing when you lie down on top of the crowd looking like Jesus Christ. But I swear all I wanna do is crucify you when I see you smashing peoples' heads." There is plenty of interaction with the audience -- Ed being very chatty despite discussing how his throat hurts. One line from 'Outshined' is inserted after 'Why Go,' with Ed saying he knows people will be at the Soundgarden show: "... someone has to be the organizer here. Somebody has to count '1,2,3 and hello from Pearl Jam.' Chris Cornell will blush -- down to his bellybutton." He asks for the lights to be turned up for "the last song" and 'Porch' is played, with an improvisation about "we would all be strangers in a strange place if it weren't for you." At one point, Ed climbs the PA stack, jumps to the curtains and swings along the wall using the curtain fabric like vines. Returning for the encore, PJ pays homage to Brent, the sound guy, talking about how he broke his leg in three places and dislocated his ankle, but make it back for this show. Stone says it happened when he was "fucking Prince Charles" and Ed jokes "he's a pretty wild guy." The long 'I've Got a Feeling' jam includes tags from 'Dirty Frank,' George Clinton's 'Atomic Dog' and ends with the middle verse from The Beatles' 'Golden Slumbers' ("Golden slumbers fill your eyes. Smiles awake you when you rise. Sleep pretty darling do not cry. and I will sing a lullabye"). Very pretty. Classic show.

