Pearl Jam
SV034 - "My City Was Gone"
August 26, 1998
Blossom Music Center
Cuyahoga Falls, OH 

Source: 2-source mix: [Schoeps CMC6 + MK4 > Sonosax pre-amp > Sony SBM-1 > Sony TCD-D8 (first song: Sonic Studios DSM13 > PA-6LC > Sony PCM-M1)] + [unknown source] > cdr > flac
Soundcheck Source: Sonic Studios DSM13 > PA-6LC > Sony PCM-M1 > cdr > flac

Artwork: Allen Robertson

DISC ONE
01 Hail Hail
02 Animal
03 Given to Fly
04 Corduroy
05 MFC
06 Immortality
07 Footsteps
08 Even Flow
09 Jeremy
10 In Hiding
11 Daughter/(My City Was Gone)/(W.M.A.)
12 Brain of J
13 Rearviewmirror
14 Better Man
15 Wishlist
16 Alive

DISC TWO
01 Elderly Woman...
02 Do the Evolution
03 Leatherman
04 Black
05 Baba O'Riley
06 Yellow Ledbetter

soundcheck:
07 Black Diamond (instrumental)
08 Noise of Carpet (instrumental)
09 Noise of Carpet
10 Leatherman
11 Off He Goes
12 Red Mosquito

Show Notes (thanks to fivehorizons):
Ed starts the show by arriving onstage via skateboard. 'Immortality' is renamed by people at the show as "Matt Fuckin' Cameron" due to his stellar work on this number. Ed notes, "... we're on our way to Philadelphia tomorrow ... and we haven't played there in a long time. We're going to have to get out of here early to be sure we get there in time ... it's a long drive." The crowd boos and Ed laughs and continues, "I'm just fuckin' with you. You like to be fucked with, right?" 'My City Was Gone' is by the Pretenders, who are from Ohio (Akron to be precise), and is a song about Cleveland. After 'Black,' Ed mentions that the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame is in Cleveland: "Earlier this evening, I know you've got a Rock and Roll Hall of Fame...we drove by it, I don't know who runs the place, but...those people who live in glass houses shouldn't throw stones..." Jeff interrupts, saying: "And where's the fucking Iggy exhibit, goddamn it!" Ed chuckles: "So what I was gonna say, was, it's right by the airport, but we're a lot closer tonight, having Iggy Pop here, standing right here ... let's just say next time we play here, it could be a year, maybe two...we hope, if it happens... if Iggy's not in yet, after the show, we're all gonna go down there and blow the place up...speaking of the hall of fame [he holds up a sign saying 'Baba'] - the WHO!" and the band busts into 'Baba O'Riley.' [The Stooges, Iggy's first band, were recently nominated to the HOF, but did not get in.] 'Wishlist' ends with the "radio song" verse, but instead of saying "I guess it never stops" he says "I guess it has to stop". Jeff comes out for 'Yellow Ledbetter' wearing a Cleveland Cavaliers jersey with Shawn Kemp's name and uniform number on the back.

This is being distributed by blackredyellow.com, and is part of a series of the best Pearl Jam shows in existance. 
If the artwork is not included, you can find it at blackredyellow.com.
Compiled by spacedvest on 10/26/03.