Pearl Jam
Deer Creek Music Theater: Noblesville, IN
August 17, 1998

Source:  MarcSounds > Sony TCD-D100  (FOB 7th row center)
Generation:  DAT(M) 48kHz > FLAC
Transfer:  Sony PCM-R300 > ZNP6 > CEPv2.1 @ 48 kHz (fades, resample, normalize) > CDWave > FLAC8
Taper:  vikas @ breakerfall.net

Disc 1

01 Intro
02 Long Road
03 Hail Hail
04 Brain of J
05 Last Exit
06 Given to Fly
07 Corduroy
08 MFC
09 Improv ("President Jeremy")
10 Immortality
11 Even Flow
12 Nothingman
13 Rearviewmirror
14 Wishlist
15 In Hiding
16 Spin the Black Circle
17 Alive
18 Go

Disc 2

01 -encore break-
02 "Clinton"
03 Better Man / (Save it for Later)
04 Daughter
05 Do the Evolution
06 Leaving Here
07 -encore break-
08 Yellow Ledbetter


Notes courtesy of www.fivehorizons.com:
The first show of the East Leg of the 1998 US Tour finds the band in EXCELLENT energy and spirits. 
All the members are spotted sidestage rocking out to Iggy Pop's tremendous opening set, and it 
seems as though his energy inspired them to kick ass. Ed's hair is shorter, blacker and slicked 
back, and he greets the audience with, "Okay, fuckers, our turn" (making reference to Iggy's rants 
at the dead crowd for his set). 'MFC' is prefaced with, "If you ever wanna get out of town, expand 
your boundaries, the best way might not be a tractor... but if a tractor's all ya have, go for it." 
Ed sings an interesting improv, based on the structure of the new 'Jeremy,' with the lyrics being, 
"The President spoke in court today." 'Immortality' is a total Matt Cameron-based jam, so much so 
that Ed makes a point of giving him props at the end. Stone is absolutely on fire tonight, jumping, 
thrashing, at the front of the stage constantly. 'Nothingman' is dedicated to the lawn (Ed claiming 
that that's where he wouldve been at that show, if he hadn't found a way to sneak down front). During 
'Alive,' Ed balances on Pete's shoulders to grab hands down front, and then runs to the left and right 
side to do the same thing, afterwards applauding the crowd: "Good job, Indy - good job tonight." Prior 
to the first encore, Ed acknowledges some of the signs in the audience requesting songs, as well as one 
reading "Ed Lewinsky" and then they play a brief clip of Clinton's speech from that afternoon, follow ed 
by Ed reading excerpts from it; at the end he comments, "I have one word to say - 'consensual'." 
'Better Man' is dedicated in turn to both Bill and Hillary Clinton, and the tag has the melody of 'WMA,' 
but no words are sung. His parting words are, "Behave like rock stars - not like the President." 
Crowd was amazing and the band was really happy because of it. 

(On the written setlist but not played: Porch, Indifference, Present Tense, Off He Goes)


Text file compiled on 12/27/2004 by vikas @ breakerfall.net

