LDB Master Series #54

Hello, this is a collection of masters I would like to seed here. I've been taping shows for more than 20 years and have an 
awful lot of masters. Most of them are in the old cassette format, some others are on MiniDisc and others are on CD. I've 
taped many shows of many artists over the years, so don't be surprised if you will find many different artists taped! Some 
shows are already circulating, some others have not circulated through collectors yet. But most of all, enjoy! 
They all come from my mastertapes! 

PEARL JAM - PARISIAN NIGHTS

Paris, Virgin Megastore
10 February 1992 
Acoustic set

1. Wash
2. Alive
3. Black
4. Porch

Paris, La Locomotive
11 February 1992

5. Wash
6. Once
7. Even Flow
8. State Of Love And Trust
9. Alive
10.Black
11.Deep
12.Jeremy
13.Why Go
14.Porch
15.Breath
16.I've Got A Feeling / Jamming

Jeff Ament - bass
Eddie Vedder - vocals, guitar
Mike McCready - guitar
Stone Gossard - rhythm guitar
David Abbruzzese - drums 

Lineage: Aiwa microphone CM-30a > Sony Professional WM-D3 > Tape > Audigy Soundblaster > HD > SoundForge 7.0 > CD Wave > 
FLAC Frontend (level 6) 

Somewhere in the beginning of 1992, I was shocked to hear on the radio some beautiful, powerful music. I had enjoyed Nirvana
a few months before, but this band was something better. It was Pearl jam, and I think that the single was either Even Flow or
Alive. When I knew they were going to tour small clubs in Europe, I could not resist but go to a couple of gigs. Paris was
great fun, although on those days it was freezing! Although the new album had not been released yet, the band was already
big in our continent, and import copies of 'Ten' where flooding the european market. Before the (semi) acoustic set at the 
Virgin Megastore at Champs Elysées, I had to queue for a couple of hours, before being able to be let in. After the show, 
the band stayed in to sign copies of the single. 

The Locomotive club (a pretty fashionable discoteque in the Pigalle quartier, where I would see Dream Theater as well the 
following year) show was absolutely sold out, with loads of people outside asking for spare tickets.

I remember I was a bit disappointed (I know, I was wrong but it was 1992 back then!) by the acoustic set because it didn't
sound as powerful as it was PJ's music in studio. But the following day's show was great
because the band was wild. I was quite astonished when Eddie referred that when he was 15 he said to his parents to 'f**k off'
which to me sounded that he had never seen them ever since. I noted that the band was careful to deliver a good performance
maybe because france was an important market to the band. Most of us did not know the songs, and for me it was the first
time I had listened to the material of the first album.

I taped both shows in difficult circumstances, that's why the quality is not 'top of the class', although quite enjoyable.
During the 'in-store' show, members of the Pearl Jam crew were circulating to check out tapers. Quite a few were caught and
their equipment confiscated (we were far from the recent 'taper friendly' policy). So I had to hide quite a bit my microphone.
At the Locomotive I was sitting on the balcony, but the only place I could find was close to the guy in charge of lightning,
who I thought would be a danger for me...infact I found out at the end of the show that he was a french guy working for a
lighting company who could not care less if tapers were around. he even asked me for a copy of the tape at the end of the
show! The good thing is that audience does not intersphere at all with the music. 

So here it is folks, a jump back in the mists of time. Now Pearl Jam is a worldwide act (I greatly enjoyed them back in
September this year in Milano) but back then was a bunch of young american folks trying to break the stagnant music scene.
I wish I was their manager in those days! :-)

A week after I saw them in my hometown, in the 'infamous' Sorpasso club in Milano. But this is another story I will maybe
tell you in the future...

ldb