LDB Special Series #232

Out of my 7,000+ shows and radio broadcasts, I have many concerts that were special for some reasons: the setlist, the
musicians, the venue or unexpected events. These are the ones I'd like to propose you. Most of these come from my
cassettes collection, so they will be released at a slower pace than my Master Series! But you won't be disappointed!
I will try to gather the most unusual things I have in my collection and, as always, your feedback and comments will be my
reward for all the work involved in this project.

DO NOT share this music on mp3, just convert it for your own use. Sharing mp3's is the right way to make me stop sharing
music here.

PEARL JAM
Milano, Forum Assago
November 13, 1996

CD1

Long Road 
Go 
Last Exit 
Hail Hail 
Red Mosquito 
Who You Are 
Off He Goes 
Corduroy 
Better Man 
Habit 
Even Flow 
Daughter / (Improv) 

CD2

Jeremy 
Sometimes 
Rearviewmirror 
Present Tense 
Alive
Once 
State of Love and Trust 
Nothingman 
Smile 
Porch
Yellow Ledbetter

TT 117:59

Lineage: DAT > CD in trade from master DAT > EAC > HD > SoundForge 7.0 > FLAC Frontend (level 6)

notes: Ed plays ‘The Kids are Alright’ alone, prior to The Fastbacks opening. This show and this audience seem very subdued (but polite) until ‘Even Flow,’ when the crowd begins singing along, clapping 
and Mike wakes up his guitar! The concert grows from there … with a perfect ‘RVM.’ Ed says, “Cara, this is for you,” and ‘Present Tense’ is played. After ‘State of Love and Trust,’ Ed asks the crowd 
if they are having a nice time and to ask him the same question. He makes them ask twice, answers, “Of course,” thanks the crowd and then they play ‘Nothingman’ like it is an everyday occurrence and 
the audience sings along like it is a standard song. The harmonica really stand out on ‘Smile,’ and Jeff plays guitar while Stone plays bass. Ed tips one of the small amplifiers on its side and stands 
high atop it toward the end of ‘Porch.’ Super setlist!