Pearl Jam
Main Stage
Rock Werchter
Werchter, Belgium
June 30, 2022

Recorded by Daspyknows 
Right line array FOB second fence next to video camera
Schoeps MK41 BabyNbox Tascam DR-2D 24 Bit 48K

Processed using Soundforge 13, resample, to 16bit 44.1K 
TLH to convert to Flac 

Master 2022.065

01. Intro
02. Rain
03. I Believe in Miracles
04. Why Go
05. Even Flow
06. Corduroy
07. Elderly Woman Behind the Counter in a Small Town
08. Quick Escape
09. Dance of the Clairvoyants
10 .Whipping
11. Daughter (with "Another Brick in the Wall Part 2)
12. Unthought Known
13. Do the Evolution
14. Given to Fly
15. Nothingman
16. Jeremy
17. Long Road
18. Porch
19. Crowd
Encore:
20. Black
21. Alive
22. Rockin' in the Free World

I woke up early and left my friend sleep in since he stayed out later that I did.  I packed up my gear and went to get coffee and some breakfast before catching the bus to the festival.  I also packed my emergency food since I knew this was not going to be easy getting food between sets and it is always something that security could take away to do their job.  I also had a larger water bottle which was allowed.  The bus ride took 30 minutes through the countryside to the drop off point.  I started walking and walking and after a while I asked how much longer and was told 800 meters.  It turns out I was halfway there and for those who don’t know metric that meant another half mile.  I got to the entrance about 20 minutes before doors and waited.  I had been warned security was very thorough and I was ready.  Turns out it wasn’t anything abnormal and I got in easily.  First thing I did was go to merch to get a couple of shirts and it was a nightmare.  Ended up with 2 shirts of which one was the wrong design and the other the wrong size.  Didn’t realize that until later unfortunately.  I went into the bathroom to get the gear ready and discovered it was basically outdoor troughs for the guys and port a potties for the women.  I ducked in one and got to my gear and then found a picnic table to assemble things.  There was a friendly Dutch couple sitting there and chatted while getting ready.  They bought me a beer and I gave them by contact info for the recordings and a possible future visit to California.  By then it was getting close to the first act, so I got down to business.
The Dead South was playing in the covered stage called the Barn.  I got there and found a spot on the center rail in front of the soundboard.  I enjoyed this band.  Sort of reminded me a little of Devil Makes Three and the crowd also really enjoyed them.  The volume surprised me after Hyde Park and I needed to reduce the level a little during the first song.  Being on the center rail meant standing on a metal platform.  As the crowd started jumping up and down the entire metal platform started gyrating and I had to hold on to avoid falling over.  After their set pretty much, the entire crowd left and a new group of people entered.  
The second band was Airbourne which was described to me like AC/DC meets Iron Maiden.  I met a friendly father and son from the Netherlands before the set and we chatted until the set started.  By now the rain had started and from what I was told the rain was coming down hard.  Airbourne was LOUD, like earbleeding loud.  The crowd was wild and the metal platform was bouncing so much I actually began to feel motion sickness but I gutted it out.  At two points the lead singer/guitarist started throwing full cups of beer into the crowd.  Luckily, I was about 10 feet out of his range so never wore a beer.  Another amusing moment was when the singer got on a security guard’s shoulders, and they ran down the center aisle.  I have the video of him passing me as I was taping.  It was quite the taping experience.  Not an artist I would normally go see, but I know a couple of people that were happy I was recording.
The third band was Carly Rae Jepsen whom I was familiar with through Hardly Strictly Bluegrass.  As before, the entire crowd turned over. I was able to run out and refill my water and go to the bathroom while someone held my spot.  Those are the basics to survive an all-day festival.  It was raining so I made it a quick trip and reclaimed my space.  She came out and performed a fun set that was different than I remembered.  She appeared to really have fun performing at Rock Werchter.  The crowd that made it into the Barn in the rain knew her material which surprised me but it is always fun when the crowd is into an artist’s performance.
Next up was First Aid Kit.  This is the band I HAD to see at Rock Werchter and I was in the prime spot.  I hadn’t seen them in several years and was excited to hear some of the new material and was hoping the new band was up to par with the old band.  They opened with two songs from the setlist they played on the last tour King of the World and It’s a Shame.  The sound was dialed in, and the band was solid.  The songs sounded a bit different with the new band, but it was still very enjoyable.  Next, they played the first of the new songs titled Angel and I really liked it.  The new album should be very good and hopefully I can see more of it this fall.  Next up was a cover of Don Henley’s Boys of Summer.  I had just seen the Eagles perform the song at Hyde Park and it was played well, but I felt it was like most of the Eagles set and lacking emotion.  This performance of the song had that emotion and was a real highlight of the set.  Four songs in the trip to this festival and it was worth the effort.  The rest of the set included another new song and some of their well-known older songs ending with a great version of My Silver Lining.  The only problem I found with the set was that it was only an hour.  I wish it had been a longer set.  My friend was unable to make it into the barn because of the crowds due to the pouring rain and by the end of this set he had decided he had his fill of the crowds, rain and mud.  Since I was staying dry I was happy to keep going.  
My original plans were to head to the main stage for the Pixies.  With the rain I decided to stay for the Beck set.  They set up the stage and as the set was scheduled to begin the start time was pushed back.  The new time came and went, and by now the rain had stopped. I figured either Beck was going to no-show or it would be a very short set so I decided to head to the main stage for The War On Drugs as the crowd let out from the Pixies.  After I exited the Barn, I realized I had left my rain jacket behind.  Oh well, at least I didn’t need it that night.  There was no going back at that point.  I figured there was no chance of getting a good spot at the Main Stage and anticipated just recording off of a delay stack but I tend to play by the taping philosophy of go big or go home.  I navigated along the side and realized they set up security and fencing to prevent a crush up close and I was able to make my way to the prime area from the side.  As I was looking around trying to decide where I was going to record from, I hear my name called.  I turn around and it is a father and son from the Netherlands that I met earlier at the Barn Stage during Airbourne.  They are up against the back fence and have room to squeeze me in directly in front of the right line array.  Big score for me.
The War on Drugs comes on stage and they sound fabulous.  I really enjoyed them at Hyde Park and found this set was even better.  Part of it may have been my familiarity with their music but they seemed to be playing a more inspired set.  As it turns out they mentioned how much of an honor it was opening for Pearl Jam who inspired them as musicians growing up.  By the end of the set the sky had cleared, and their set ended with an epic sunset.
Finally, it was 11PM and time for Pearl Jam.  At home festivals finish by 11 and same with Hyde Park so I was tired.  Luckily, I had the back rail at my disposal.  I had seen Pearl Jam with Neil Young once before and thought it was ok.  I had not seen them since.  I had opportunities to go in Oakland at a venue I seriously dislike so I was excited to see them here.  This time I really enjoyed the set and regret not going to see them more in the past.  Like with many of the other acts this was a special show for Pearl Jam.  First of all , it was Rock Werchter and second it was the anniversary of the Roskilde Festival tragedy which had a profound effect on the band and on this set.  Multiple times Eddie stopped the set and checked on people in the crowd to make sure they were ok.  He also mentioned a couple of people during the set.  As it turns out I was able to connect with friends and relatives of some of them through social media and was able to get them my recordings the next couple of days.  It makes me happy when I record something that has meaning to others in attendance or who were connected to the show.  I know the band releases their shows (although not sure this one has been released) so taping is somewhat unnecessary.  Even so, making a great recording has more sentimental value than a download. They ended the set with Neil Young’s Rockin in the Free World and I felt a relief I made it to 1 AM and I was still standing.
At this point I had to navigate my way out of the festival and to the bus pickup spot.  That mile walk was one of the hardest miles I have ever walked.  I was so tired.  I had to wait about 20 minutes for the bus and finally made it back to the hotel at almost 3 AM.  My friend had already crashed since he left earlier, and I was so tired that I didn’t even copy the files off the SD card.  I ate a sandwich that I had bought in the morning, and I think I was asleep in 20 minutes.


Just the basic taper requests here and please no vitriol: 
Don't be an ass by selling this or using it in a video that is sold 
Don't modify the info file 
Don't remaster and/or post on other sites that are not 100% free 
If shared keep info file intact but create a second file 
Don't convert to lossy formats except for personal use 
Do support the artists 