Pearl Jam
New Orleans Jazz Festival
Festival Stage
New Orleans, La
May 03, 2025 


Recorded by Daspyknows 
dead center back of Grand Marshall VIP section
Schoeps MK4 BabyNbox Zoom F-3 32Bit 48K

Processed using Soundforge 13, resample, to 16bit 44.1K
TLH to convert to Flac

Master 2025.046

01. Corduroy
02. Do the Evolution
03. Why Go
04. Elderly Woman Behind the Counter in a Small Town
05. React, Respond
06. Wreckage
07. Daughter
08. Even Flow
09. Tremor Christ
10. Love Boat Captain
11. Black
12. Jeremy
13. Red Mosquito
14. State of Love and Trust
15. Better Man
16. Porch
17. Alive
18. Yellow Ledbetter
19. Baba O'Riley
20. Rockin' in the Free World

As I was changing batteries and testing my gear before leaving I broke the power switch
on the NBox Platinum so I needed to switch up the gear.  It seemed to work but there was
static so wasn't worth the risk.  I packed up and made it the bus and was in front with
the same crew and a woman who was there for Pearl Jam.  We got in quickly and grabbed some
quick food.  I don't recall what I got but it was good and I still got "my spot" I also held 
space for two women who I had met the previous two days.  The first band was Son Rompe Pera 
from Mexico.  A high energy act.  The crowd was bigger than usual because of Pearl Jam and 
was into this band.  I did my food run after the band and made it back for Cowboy Mouth.
I wasn't familiar with them and I realized why.  The singer was the drummer and he had
a big mouth.  Not terrible but I would not plan on seeing them again unless it was at
Jazzfest and the next band was someone I wanted to see.  In this case the next act was 
Samantha Fish.  I was really looking forward to hearing her new music and she did not 
disappoint.  It was a setlist made up of some of her best live songs and a lot of the
new album.  After the set I did another food run and that was a mistake.  It was so 
crowded and took me half the break to where the food was available.  I grabbed food
from the one booth without a line and it was food but not my favorite.  I then rushed 
back and made it by about 5 minutes before Dumpstaphunk started.  I would have been
bummed to not catch the full set   Throughout the set it started to get very crowded in
anticipation of Pearl Jam.  I think this was the set with the medical people blowing a 
whistle to clear a path for a stretcher.  At least this year the crowd was into and 
paying attention.  Last year for the Rolling Stones nobody seemed to case.  Throughout 
the break it got to the point of being uncomfortable.  At one point a guy tried to crowd 
into my space and i said I couldn't move as I was up against the rail.  He responded with 
"at least I am apologizing for invading your space".  I made it uncomfortable for him and
he finally moved.  Finally Pearl Jam came on and delivered a great performance.  The first
half of the set was a battle but I was up for the challenge.  Over the course of 3 songs 
I told every one of a group of 4 dudes to STFU and when the crowd started to thin 45 minutes 
in they moved on.  All in all it was an amazing set of music and an amazing day of music.
After getting back to the hotel, I dropped off gear, showered and then we took an Uber to
a fabulous restaurant in the Garden district.  That is my definition of a good day.  
 
Don't be an ass by selling this or using it in a video that is sold 
Don't modify the info file 
Don't remaster and/or post on other sites that are not 100% free like Guitars 101
If shared keep info file intact but create a second file 
Don't convert to lossy formats except for personal use 
Do support the artists 