San Carlos Apoquindo Stadium 
Santiago, Chile

Date: 2005-11-22
Video: Master TV>DVD Home Reocder>DVD.Lab.Pro.2.0>you
Audio: Official Auido Bootleg > Edited with Adobe Audition
Venue: San Carlos Apoquindo: Santiago, Chile 
Tour: Lost Dogs - South American Tour
Format: DVD NTSC   
Source: Video: Proshot
Extras: Soundcheck Video 11.21.2005
Created By: Construccid®
Comments: Only missing Hail Hail. Possibility of an upgrade coming.

CD ARTWORK
http://img478.imageshack.us/img478/5103/dvddiscopjchile22bs5.jpg

DVD Artwork
http://img80.imageshack.us/img80/1489/peraljamchiledvd22byconstruccidgu6.jpg



NTSC / PROSHOT / MENU / AUDIO BOOTLEG / EXTRAS



Setlist:

Release
Corduroy
Last Exit
**Hail Hail** <--- MISSED
Do The Evolution
Given To Fly
I Am Mine
Grievance
Elderly Woman...
Even Flow
Lukin
Not For You
Daughter
Down
Jeremy
Save You
Go
Betterman
Black
Alive
I Believe In Miracles
Baba O'Riley
Yellow Ledbetter


Info Concert:

www.twofeetthick.com

UPDATED May 2, 2006 
11/22/05 - Estadio San Carlos de Apoquindo, Santiago, Chile 
opening act: Mudhoney
set: Release, Corduroy, Last Exit, Hail Hail, Do The Evolution, Given To Fly, I Am Mine, Grievance, Elderly Woman..., Even Flow, Lukin->Not For You/(Modern Girl), Daughter/(Blitzkrieg Bop)/(Androgynous Mind), Down, Jeremy, Save You 
first encore: Go, Better Man, Black, Alive 
second encore: I Believe In Miracles, Baba O'Riley, Yellow Ledbetter
TFT Notes: Pearl Jam's first show in South America begins with "Release" with a light drizzle making the atmosphere a bit on the chilly side. A few times people light fireworks which look like red torches, creating a lot of smoke in the air and enhancing the stage lights effect. "Release" lyrics tweaked by Ed with "Dad" in Spanish and English to start the third verse. Prior to "Hail, Hail" Ed greets the crowd in Spanish and thanks them for coming. Ed addresses the general admission crowd "Is everybody ok? There's help in the middle and help on the sides if you need it. Take care of your neighbor OK? please?" right into "Do The Evolution." The first notes of every song are being met with huge roars. The crowd starts their own chants for the band prior to "Even Flow," and although this is the first show in Chile, the crowd is very familiar with the crowd participation aspects of the songs, shouting out the "Yeahs!" and singing the final chorus during "Even Flow." Partial introduction follows with "Mike McCready la guitarra, Matt Cameron on drums, Santiago on vocals," garnering a great response. Mudhoney is introduced in Spanish, then Ed segues in English "And one guy who couldn't be here, his name's Matt Lukin, this song's about him." leading to Lukin->Not For You. "Daughter" includes "Hey Ho, Let's Go" (Ramones) and "Hey, Hey, It's OK" (Sonic Youth) callbacks between Ed and the crowd. Ed introduces "Jeremy" with "Feel free to help with the vocals on this" and at the end thanks the crowd for their "Good voices in Chile." A common soccer chant precedes "Save You" with the band jumping in at certain points with their instruments. An "Eddie! Eddie!" welcomes the band back from the first encore break, prompting Ed to say "You can call me 'Ed', that'll throw the chant off." Ed continues, thanking Mudhoney again, but also "We want to thank our crew and all the local crew for helping set this up the last couple of days. And then the biggest thank you of all - and feel free to thank yourselves - is to you! Thanks for being here, and for waiting, for coming early today and still listening to us after all this time." "Better Man" is tagged with repeated lines "I Need You / I Want You." An almost 8-minute "Black" winds down with repeated lyrics "Dreams are made... to fall apart... but sometimes... they come true." Ed looks up to the sky while addressing the members of the Ramones who've passed away, chanting, "Ra-MON-nes... hola Johnny... hola Joey... hola Dee-Dee" with the crowd echoing every word. Before "Yellow Ledbetter," Ed says "Thanks to the clouds for keeping us cool, and next time it wont'be so long 'til we come back, I promise you that." (merch note: There was no poster offered at merchandise stands.) 
