Pearl Jam
Sacramento, CA
Golden 1 Center
Monday, May 13, 2024

--

Lineage:

6x Wireless Receivers > Multitrack Recorder (24/44.1)
Recorded by hoserama (with some patches from outman77)

Mixed by hoserama
Mix version 20240517

--

01. Intro
02. Pendulum
03. I'm Open
04. Elderly Woman Behind the Counter in a Small Town
05. Faithfull
06. Scared of Fear
07. Reach, Respond
08. Wreckage
09. Dark Matter
10. Garden
11. Lukin
12. Corduroy
13. Dance of the Clairvoyants
14. Even Flow
15. Upper Hand
16. Waiting for Stevie
17. Running
18. Light Years
19. Better Man
20. Encore
21. Picture in a Frame
22. Jeremy
23. Black
24. Do the Evolution
25. Alive
26. Porch
27. Setting Sun

--

Show Notes:
A show that was two years in the making, as Sacramento and Vegas were the COVID casualties in 2022. Now they're back for a make-up show, with a new album in tow. Good solid show!

You might wonder why take in a fair complicated IEM recording rig for a show where the band releases the official soundboards?
1. Fellow taper Outman77 twisted my arm into it, so I wouldn't let a challenge slide!
2. I get a little bored if I don't have toys to play with at a show
3. Good practice with gear.
4. (most important) I've always found the Nugs PJ releases to be over-compressed and a bit harsh. I usually end up doing a bit of a remaster on the PJ Nugs shows I grab to take off some harshness from the guitars, and try to tease out a little more drums dynamic (often unsuccessful on the last one). So maybe I'd be able to make a recording more to my ears.

Recording Notes:
Six stereo IEM feeds resulted in a nice wide stereo mix. Biggest issues with the mix is Eddie's guitar is a bit on the low side when he plays, and much less audience noise. Overall I like the sound, and try to have a bit more dynamics than the Nugs. I'll still buy the official release and compare, but it was fun to see if I could polish off a mix before the Nugs release. 

--

Even if you download this recording, I highly encourage you to buy the official soundboard from Nugs! I wish more bands signed on and released their live recordings, so support the business model if you can.

--

As always, encouraging people to get into taping and mixing. Just take the craft seriously and it will reward you many times over. There's no point in complaining about missing recordings or subpar quality if you're not contributing--pushing 1's and 0's around on the internet is no comparison for taping.

--

IEM recordings are not for everyone. If not they're not your thing, either sonically or ethically, well at least you didn't spend any money on this.

Similarly, I'm mixing primarily for my ears. This is what sounds best to me. This may not sound best to you. That's a fair statement. I'm open to honest criticism (although you should have caught me when I was working on the mix!), but pointless complaining is unappreciated (naturally). Let's play nice.

--

If you redistribute on any other site, please include this info file and lineage info.

--

Enjoy y'all!
- Hoserama