Pearl Jam 
Pinkpop festival,
Landgraaf,
Netherlands
June 12, 2000

PRO-SHOT

I created 2 discs. There were 2 broadcasts (Dutch television) of this gig which contained different songs. Hence the 2 discs

Source: VHS PAL Tape => Played in JVC Stereo videorecorder=> hooked up on a LG DVD Harddisc recorder=>
recorded in XP quality (Best Quality)=>  Added chapters=> Recorded on DVDR=> Loaded to PC with DVD Shrink =>
Uploaded to ZOMB

Disc 1:
Disc one was broadcasted in 2001, almost a year after the gig.
It was broadcasted a week before pinkpop 2001 and was meant to warm up people for the
upcomming broadcast for pinkpop 2001.

Setlist:
Rival
Jeremy
Nothing As It Seems
MFC
Habit
Light Years
Lukin
Even Flow
Brain of J
Insignificance
Better Man

Note: Minor hickup during MFC (probably the tape)


Disc 2:
Broadcasted actually live when they played in landgraaf.

Setlist:
Interview
Insignificance
Better Man
Rearviewmirror
Once
Fuckin' Up
Black
Leaving Here

(I know 2 songs are double... Just wanted to keep it as original as it was without editing)

Have fun with it

Don't be an ass: Do NOT sell, feel free to share




Originally Uploaded and created by Wodzjar

Video Attributes:
  Video compression mode: MPEG-2
  TV system: 625/50 (PAL)
  Aspect Ratio: 4:3
  Display Mode: Only Pan&scan
  Source picture resolution: 720x576 (625/50)
  Frame Rate: 25.00
  Source picture letterboxed: Not letterboxed
  Bitrate: 8.96Mbps

Audio Attributes: 
  Audio Coding mode: Dolby Digital
  Sampling Rate: 48kHz
  Audio application mode: Surround
  Number of Audio channels: 2
  Bitrate: 384 Kbps
  Number of Audio streams: 1




Description of the gig from 5 horizons

06/12/00 - Pinkpop Festival: Landgraaf, Netherlands [91m]
attendance: 60,000 
set: Corduroy, Breakerfall, Animal, Hail Hail, Rival, Jeremy, 
Nothing As It Seems, MFC, Habit, Light Years, Lukin, Even Flow, 
Brain of J, Insignificance, Better Man, Rearviewmirror, Once, Fuckin' Up
enc: Black, Leaving Here

notes: Ed is wearing another Tivoli shirt, like the home-made one in 1992. 
The band is in a very good mood and Ed is dancing a lot. Ed says,
"Is it okay if I speak English, because the only thing I know in Dutch is 
how to order pot in a cafe. It is nice to be back and thanks for having us. 
It is much more beautiful then I remember it. [smiles] It is also nice to
be out of America for the last couples of weeks ... in America what we do 
for fun, because we have some kind of advanced culture ... 
[the crowd boos, Ed smiles] so we have some very futuristic ways of handling 
our overpopulation problem and that is we give each other guns and kill 
one another - because it is fucking fun! [Ed makes a shoot sound]. 
Anyway, here are a couple of songs about killing one another. This is 
called 'Rival.'" Ed dedicates 'Light Years' to Diane Muus from Sony Music.
(She died in 1997 at an age of 33 and knew the band very well.) 
"So that was about a friend who is fucking up and there is nothing you can 
do about it! And you just watch'em go down down down. And then, other 
times you have got friends that don't fuck up at all and are great people.
And then you just lose them for some reason. They are of the planet and 
you never had a chance to say goodbye. I only mention this because there was
 a person we used to know here and that was Diane and ah, we never got a 
chance to say goodbye. This is goodbye!' 
Before "Fucking Up,' he is telling the crowd that Gomez will play in the
 tent next to center stage and that Moby is coming later. He says, 
"I've been told that there is another Ed (Ed Kowalczyk from Live) walking
around here, but I've been told that I give better Ed than he does" 
[smiling]. He smashes two tambourines with his head during 'Fuckin' Up' 
and tosses one to the crowd, and takes photos of the crowd at the end of 
the song. Later he's smiling and says, "Ha, we're easy ... sometimes" 
likely referring to the fact that they do an encore for a festival. 
He asks, "Hey, Brett. Are you there? Can you hear me? Do you have the tape
from last night?" Brett responds through the PA and says the tape is 
probably on the bus. Ed rants about the tape as he needs it because 
they want to leave right after the show. "Well, if he had the tape I 
would tell you to pass me over there, so I could get the tape and back
again to the stage ... I think I can trust you guys to do that. But oh
well ... as you don't have the tape maybe next time. Oh, there is no next
time! Oh, well. This song is called 'Black.' Say hello to all my friends 
in Utrecht." 
The last 35 minutes of this show was broadcast on Dutch national TV.
Dutch FM radio broadcast 'MFC' through 'Black' and featured an interview with Mike. 

(Source: http://www.fivehorizons.com/tour/cc/t2000.shtml)

