Dave Matthews & Tim Reynolds
19 February 2022
Moon Palace Resort - Beach Stage - Cancun, MX

Taper: Zachary Semcken
Source: AKG C414 XLII (Hypercardioid) > MixPre 6 II (32 Bit Float)
Location: Approx. 200' from House Left Stack, Left of FOH, Mics DIN @ 15'
Editing: WAV > Reaper 6.47 (Gain, Mixing, Normalizing) > Audacity 3.1.3 (Fades, Tracking) > FLAC (Level 8)

01. Intro
02. Too High (Partial)
03. Save Me
04. Trouble
05. Funny the Way It Is
06. Dodo
07. Granny
08. Old Dirt Hill (Bring That Beat Back)
09. Satellite
10. Dave Speak: Breaking Silence
11. Lie in Our Graves
12. Jemez Rolling Waves
13. The Dreaming Tree&
14. Bismarck
15. Do You Remember
16. When the World Ends
17. The Ocean and the Butterfly
18. Stay or Leave
19. The Song That Jane Likes
20. Betrayal
21. Death on the High Seas
22. You & Me
23. Typical Situation
24. Dancing Nancies
25. Encore Break/Dave Speak: Bananas
26. Sister
27. All Along the Watchtower^

Dave Matthews - Guitar, Piano, Vocals
Tim Reynolds - Guitar, Effects Pedals

Notes:

& with Tim intro
^ Bob Dylan cover

Performed on a beach with constant wind off the water, so intermittent wind noise is expected throughout the recording. This is also an all inclusive resort, so the occasional intoxicated concert goer decided to make their presence known.

During "The Ocean and the Butterfly", there's an issue with Dave's mic causing a slight echo from the PA.

Huge thanks to Greg Mendelsohn, Keith Antaya, and Mark Terrell for helping with some spare equipment and long distance troubleshooting.

My undying gratitude to Meghan Lanigan, Emily Davis, Aimee Stephenson, Richard Yaworski, Cheryl Bayma, Melinda Perry, Sherry Ensminger, Tim & Tabitha Paulin, Amy Fleming, Megan Allen, Nicole Gerrars, Nicole Spitzer, Jeanna Pignatiello, Cynthia McInturff, Nichole Klatt, Anna Nelson, Scott Theriault, Karen Barr, Steven Smith, Dan Hansen, Matthew Salmons, Bradley Neathery, Michelle Rose, Elise Rosenhek, Amie Teller, Dan Mataragas, Nicole Flynn, Taylor Abernathy, Amanda Ferrel, Jessika Filler, Bethany Duke, Grant Francke, Stephanie Hemmingson, Sophie Roland, Margaret Barrett, Marily Febre, Cindy Spoljaric, Jennt Hawkins, Sally Avenson, Kati Wright, Maria Francis, Karly Gallagher, Robert McCardle, Casey Huff, Vanessa Vandawalker, Scotty Merrill, Cassandra Jackson, Bridget Bernard, Jennifer Hickey, Kristi Bridges, Aimee Toussaint, Katie Burke, Jamie Kamin, Anna Koutoupis, Kristen Yearling, Brittney Daniel, Dave Cole, Susan Klippel, Mark Edwards, Angie Quade, Samantha Brogue, Tina Motz, Susan Bush, Anke Kamp, and the entire Dave & Tim Mexico Facebook Group for making this weekend's recordings happen.

This recording is dedicated to all the tapers before me who continue to preserve live music.

Compiled on 2022/02/20.