
Beatles Sound Is a Ticket to Ride for S.F.'s Jellyfish

Pop music: The group, playing for free today at Cal State Fullerton, serves a useful role in keeping alive the past.

October 24, 1990 | MIKE BOEHM | TIMES STAFF WRITER

Virtually all pop music is theft. What separates the dullards from the smart guys in this year's rookie class is how well they've learned to steal.

Clumsy burglars like the Black Crowes and London Quireboys have tried to raid the grit-stained sonic wardrobe of early-'70s Rolling Stones and Faces, swiping it right off the rack and donning it without adding any accessories of their own.

It takes charm and wit and lyrical ingenuity to pull off a stylish heist. For a crafty thief, the Rolling Stones legacy ought to be like Ft. Knox with the doors unbarred. But the Crowes and the Quireboys' albums sound more like the work of small-timers knocking off the neighborhood 7-Eleven.

Jellyfish, the San Francisco band responsible for one of the year's zestiest pure-pop debut albums, appears to have the knack of a master safecracker. A good deal of the legal tender that Jellyfish grabs from the vault of pop-music past carries the likeness of John, Paul, George and Ringo.

In a recent phone interview, the band's songwriting team, singer-drummer Andy Sturmer and keyboards player Roger Manning, recalled how they got their introduction to the Beatles from '70s bands that stole from the Beatles--proving that pop thievery, in addition to its purely exploitative angles, can serve a useful role in keeping alive the past.

"I remember hearing a Beatles song and going, 'So that's where ELO's first few albums came from!' " said Sturmer, 25, who will front Jellyfish in a free outdoor concert at noon today at Cal State Fullerton. "When you're a kid and you're listening to the radio and ELO comes on, you think, 'What an original sound.' You don't know where it's coming from."

Manning, 24, said it would be "the ultimate form of flattery" if some uninitiated young fan were to conclude that Jellyfish's first album, "Bellybutton," were a work of great originality.

With Beatles quotations spread hither and yon, that's not quite so.

Take "The King Is Half-Undressed," a song that is getting lots of play on MTV. It features Beatlesque harpsichord, lush vocal harmonies straight out of Side 2 of "Abbey Road," plus a rhythmic intro nicked from "Ticket to Ride."

In addition to the demonstration of craft involved in pulling off a sure-handed Beatles heist, Jellyfish comes up with some vibrant touches of its own that separate it from lesser pop thieves. There is always something fresh about a good, catchy melody, and the choruses of songs such as "The King Is Half-Undressed," "The Man I Used to Be" and "All I Want Is Everything" are eminently catchy.

Jellyfish also uses its borrowed musical styles to outfit some imaginative lyrical ideas. "The King Is Half-Undressed" evokes the void of human feeling in a prostitute's encounter with a client. "The Man I Used to Be" is a lament sung by the ghost of a dead sailor who watches over his son, fearing that the boy will follow his footsteps into the military.

And "All I Want Is Everything" contains a pop thief's wry confession, while reveling in some cheeky, absurdist commentary about pop-star attitudes.

I think I'd like to play guitar and be a Beatle, That'd be so swell. And every show I would just dedicate this song to you. And I would envy all my fans While I bitch about the price of
fame To my French maid, Lou-Ann. She looks so sincere, but she don't understand.

Sturmer said: "I think anyone writing music in 1990 owes a huge debt to (the Beatles). There are definitely quotes (from them on the album), but there are also quotes from elsewhere. Reading it totally (as a Beatles homage) would be missing the point."

It isn't just the music that points back to the '60s, though. Jellyfish has wrapped itself in fab, far-out imagery. On the album, and in publicity pictures, the four members are decked out like denizens of Haight-Ashbury or Carnaby Street, circa 1967, sporting top hats, bell-bottoms, platform shoes and effusive, clashing colors. The album cover casts the band members as psychedelic Lilliputians, clambering about a prone nude who has been liberally decorated with swirls of what looks like blue gel toothpaste.

"This band has always enjoyed presenting itself colorfully," Manning said. "A lot of that stuff we wear day in and day out. We just raided a lot of thrift stores."

Rather than copying the image of the Beatles or of their own San Franciscan forebears from the Summer of Love, what Jellyfish had in mind was to recall figures from children's lore, such as Willy Wonka and Doctor Doolittle.

Still, the image gives the band a definite '60s-rock association. With a look like that, Jellyfish members surely could get a seat on the Magical Mystery Tour bus without paying the fare.