The Wallflowers
April 15th, 2022
Charleston, SC
The Rivera Theater


Equipment: Schoeps MK4s + Actives + Babynbox + Sony PCM-A10 (24/48)
Taper: RyanJ
Lineage: WAV > Audition (normalize to -0.1db, convert to 16/44) > Fission (track) > xACT > FLAC

Setlist:
Intro
Maybe Your Heart's Not In It No More
Move The River
6th Avenue Heartache
Letters From The Wasteland
Misfits & Lovers
Roots & Wings
I Hear The Ocean (When I Wanna Hear Trains)
I've Been Delivered
Sleepwalker
I'll Let You Down (But Will Not Give You Up)
Everything I Need
Love Is A Country
God Don't Make Lonely Girls
One Headlight
Who's That Man
Encore Break
The Waiting
The Difference

Notes:
This was the first show at a "new" venue here in Charleston. To preface, the sound was awful here. It's basically a banquet hall that has stadium seating at the rear and the area closest to the stage was all banquet hall chairs. Safe to say they should have a small GA area in front of these chairs. Not sure where to really begin for the evening on either the sound being bad or Jakob Dylan showing frustration in-between songs with crowd banter. But it sadly didn't help the cause. The PA stacks were basically something you could pick up at Guitar Center. Soundman had the levels way too high, brick walling to the point of being painful to your ears. It did not sound good. By the end of the night it did sound better, I will say that. But there was one song where throughout the whole song was some gnarly feedback. I've never been to a show where this happens. It was sort of cringeworthy and I felt really bad for the band because they truly did sound great. 

The crowd demographic was older. Obviously everyone was here for The Wallflower's 90s hits. Crowd sat besides '6th Avenue' and 'One Headlight.' Jakob knows that and acknowledged it after 6th avenue. Younger people finally started leaving their seats and getting close to the stage and the banter between Jakob and the crowd got better after that. I can't imagine performing at a show and having a half ass crowd. Besides the hits, I actually went to hear the new album and it is fantastic! My fiancé and I had a great time and hearing the older songs brought me back to my childhood. Hearing the new album live made me want to pick up the vinyl. 

I'll let you be the judge on the recording. I taped this from the middle of the floor seating. So about 80 feet from the right stack.