Sebadoh - 1993 04 13 Trinity College, Hartford, CT

Show note:
I vaguely remember that there was a story behind this show, but I cannot remember the details. Luckily The Wayback Machine on archive.org serves as a cloud-based storage for my brain.  See review below.  Show ran slow, so I applied 5% increase.

1 intro
2 emma get wild 
3 cry sis 
4 fast times at riot grrl high 
5 no way out 
6 not a friend 
7 soul and fire 
8 really  insane 
9 vampire 
10 give up 
11 mystery man 
12 two years two 2 days 
13 sixteen 
14 forced love 
15 homemade 
16 ride the darker wave 
17 brand new love 
18 new worship 
19 hassle 
20 whitey peach 
21 reject 
22 cheapshot 
23 sacred attention 
24 jealous of jesus 
25 it's so hard to fall in love

Opener:
Crain

Lineage: FM Broadcast > unknown gen tape > Tascam 202MKVII > USB > CDWAV > Audacity for fades, normalization, noise reduction > CDWAVE (SPLITS) > FLAC [an o'lachtna production]

SEBADOH REVELS IN ITS INDEPENDENCE
ROGER CATLIN; Courant Rock Critic
THE HARTFORD COURANT
"Unlike most of our peers," Lou Barlow of Sebadoh said with some pride, "we are still indie rock."

If being on small, independent record labels long after the major labels gobbled up such colleagues as Nirvana and, well, Dinosaur Jr, for whom he was longtime bassist, made Barlow proud, he must have been near-bursting at the first gig for his band's new Sub Pop release, "Bubble & Scrape."

Instead of a big, buzzing club show Tuesday, it was a half-filled lower cafeteria at Trinity College's student union where the performance was being broadcast live over campus station WRTC (89.3 FM) as part of its "Notes from the Underground" series.

Even for a band as assiduously low-fi as Sebadoh, which has made a lot of its albums on crude, home tape recorders, it was an embarassing night technically, with lulls, interruptions and equipment breakdowns that meant a lot of dead air for listeners at home.

But because the trio's usual decibel level had to be relatively moderate to be broadcast at all, Sebadoh came across more directly than it otherwise might have.

The set started with drummer Jason Lowenstein on guitar and vocals, guitarist Barlow on bass, and bassist Eric Gaffney on drums. With his bangs and stance and convincing vocal strain, Lowenstein would have been the spitting image of Nirvana's Kurt Cobain had a cold not obliteratd his range. As it was, he had to stop shortly into the first two songs.

After he managed to make it through a Neil Younglike mid-tempo number, they switched instruments and Barlow took over in earnest at guitar and vocals.

At 26, in spectacles and eye-concealing hair, Barlow looks like another alternative rock nerd. But his songs are stronger than that, nearly all of them touching in telling detail on some sort of disillusionment in relationships.

"I'd like to be Superman, but you're standing on my cape," he begins one memorable song about wielding control within a relationship.

Later, in introducing the ballad "Brand New Love," he advised: "Hold on to your loved one tight; you'll be losing her soon."

Barlow had a few bad memories to share about Hartford, too. Something about his car being towed away while he was buying a Velvet Underground record here as a kid. And though his band is from the Northampton, Mass., area where so many bands seem to be from these days, he said the group has never really played a good gig down here. "Although this one isn't too bad," he added.

He had a fatalism about the band's performance that was appealing.

"Well, that could have been a lot worse," he shrugged at the end of one song. To end the set, after "Hard to Fall in Love" went from Yardbirds-like to white noise, he simply admitted, "We really should stop."

That should have been the attitude of the opening Crain, a Kentucky trio who began the evening with a thudding, amateurish cacophony, due in part to their drummer's alleged illness. It almost proved contagious

