Deftones give loud, intense performance
Denali and Poison the Well energize the audience
By by Julia Selby Smith
Published: Thursday, November 6, 2003 

Drama and intensity were the themes of the night Monday, as the Deftones played to an almost sold-out crowd at the Pan American Center.
The dark, surreal show, titled "Dia de los Deftones," was perfect for this time of year, in celebration of Halloween and The Day of the Dead. 
The show began with a performance by the cool, jazzy, dreamy Virginia band Denali. Lead singer Maura Davis belted out sweet, seductive vocals as the band played ethereal sounds behind her. Denali had a heavy, dramatic, yet mellow air to its songs. The mood-building music eased the audience into concert-mode.
Then the mood shifted dramatically as the second opening act, Poison the Well, took the stage. The hardcore band from Florida wasted no time getting the audience riled up. As soon as the set started, lead singer Jeff Moreira screamed into the microphone as the band entered in with hard-hitting, choppy sounds. Each musician in the band put forth tremendous energy. Guitarists Derek Miller and Ryan Primack and bassist Geoff Vegas ran around stage, pouring passion into each note. The energy on stage made for an extremely lively audience. It seemed as though the entire floor of the Pan American Center was moving as people jumped, moshed and bobbed their heads. 
After Poison the Well, energy and anticipation from the crowd filled every bit of the air, a dark, dramatic bass sound rattled the walls and the stage was set for the band everyone came to see. Red light glowed eerily from the stage as the Deftones entered the stage and stood in position ready to rock. The lights came up and the band started out the night with "Minerva," a song from its new album, Deftones.
Lead singer Chino Moreno played guitar for a few songs, but stuck to singing -- and screaming -- for most of the show. The music was dark and intense. With the microphone set on reverb, Moreno's vocals were somewhat distorted and echoed with a ghostly quality. The sound was cool for a while, but as it continued along with an all-too-loud bass, it became a bit tiresome. At times during the show, a lot of the feeling in the music was lost in the muddled pool of sound. Though this took away from the music, there were many high points in the show. 
An exciting moment for the audience came when Moreno stepped down into the crowd and performed from the shoulders of a few audience members. Singing one of the Deftones' most well-known songs, "Be Quiet and Drive (Far Away)," Moreno knelt right into the faces of audience members and screamed in the microphone.
Another fun moment in the show came when, in the middle of a song, Moreno sang a slowed-down, dark version of the Gorillaz' song "Clint Eastwood."
The Deftones' set lasted more than an hour and a half, with an extended encore of four songs. 
Though the show was draining and deafening, the energy stuck with the audience well after it ended.
