Deftones
TISM
Gojira
Lacuna Coil
[plus many other bands not recorded]

Friday December 2nd 2022
Flemington Racecourse
Flemington, VIC, Australia

Taper: KingBean
	
Equipment:
	Sony ECM-DS70P > Roland R-07 > SanDisk Ultra MicroSDHC card > .wav (48/24)
	
Lineage:
	.wav > Adobe Audition 2023 (each channel normalised to -0.01dB) > .wav > TLH > .flac (lvl 8)
	(Lacuna Coil set hard limited to -0.1dB with 12dB boost, due to low volume band and high volume crowd)

Notes:
	21 years of going to gigs, and this was my first ever 'festival.' At first, it was everything I expected it to be - crowded, hot, enormous queues, dickheads everywhere, overpriced food and drinks... but after a few bands I just accepted it for what it was and ended up quite enjoying myself.
	
	Sound levels overall were quite poor, and many festival-goers complained over the following few days. Apparently the council had imposed decibel limits due to the proximity to residential areas.
	
	My Lacuna Coil recording had very low music levels, and very high crowd. I don't usually hard limit my recordings, but in this instance it really benefited from it.
	
	Gojira was recorded from the adjacent stage, where I was getting a good spot for TISM. The sound played through both sets of PAs, so it's turned out pretty good, but I had to rely on the big screens to see the band. Sound changes a bit throughout as I moved position a couple of times.
	
	TISM were of course amazing, though really could have done with a much higher volume, especially for the backing tracks. I had a decent spot in line with one of the speaker stacks.
	
	Deftones was recorded from way up the back, at a small speaker stand. It sounds better than I expected it would have, but it's not great. The speaker would rotate from side to side, which combined with the wind results in some strange shifts in sound.
	
	Overall, it was a good day. I went on to do both the Sydney and Brisbane legs as well, and by the end of the weekend, the concept of a music festival had won me over.
	
Show details:
	
	Destroy All Lines Presents
	𝐆𝐎𝐎𝐃 𝐓𝐇𝐈𝐍𝐆𝐒 𝟐𝟎𝟐𝟐

	Friday 2nd December
	Flemington Racecourse, Melbourne – LIC AA 15+

	SOLD OUT

	New Acts announced:
	Ocean Grove
	Paledusk (JPN)
	Teenage Joans
	The Gloom in The Corner
	Those Who Dream
	To The Grave
	You Am I

	Note due to circumstances beyond out control, Fever 333, JXDN & 3OH3! will no longer be appearing at Good Things Festival.

	𝐏𝐒𝐀 𝐅𝐎𝐑 𝐌𝐄𝐋𝐁𝐎𝐔𝐑𝐍𝐄 📢
	𝑂𝑛𝑒 𝑡𝑖𝑚𝑒 𝑐𝑎𝑝𝑎𝑐𝑖𝑡𝑦 𝑖𝑛𝑐𝑟𝑒𝑎𝑠𝑒! 𝑆𝑡𝑟𝑖𝑐𝑡𝑙𝑦 𝑙𝑖𝑚𝑖𝑡𝑒𝑑 𝑡𝑖𝑐𝑘𝑒𝑡𝑠 𝑎𝑣𝑎𝑖𝑙𝑎𝑏𝑙𝑒
	LESS THAN 1000 REMAIN

	After announcing Good Things Melbourne was Sold Out recently, the demand for tickets has been overwhelming to say the least. We're excited to confirm that weeks of consultation between our Site Management team, Flemington Racecourse and Local Council has led to a once off capacity increase for the Melbourne event.
	𝐎𝐧𝐜𝐞 𝐬𝐨𝐥𝐝, 𝐭𝐡𝐞𝐫𝐞 𝐰𝐢𝐥𝐥 𝐛𝐞 𝐧𝐨 𝐟𝐮𝐫𝐭𝐡𝐞𝐫 𝐭𝐢𝐜𝐤𝐞𝐭 𝐫𝐞𝐥𝐞𝐚𝐬𝐞𝐬.

	We can’t wait to see you in the pit......That is of course unless you sleep on this second chance and miss out on tickets. Secure yours today.

	----------------------------------------

	Australia’s largest and favourite travelling music festival, aka 𝐆𝐨𝐨𝐝 𝐓𝐡𝐢𝐧𝐠𝐬 𝐅𝐞𝐬𝐭𝐢𝐯𝐚𝐥, is officially returning to ignite mosh pits and more along the east coast in December - and we can’t wait to celebrate with you!

	With so few things to celebrate over the past few years and a severe lack of live music and festivals, it’s about time we all had something to look forward to; and 𝐆𝐨𝐨𝐝 𝐓𝐡𝐢𝐧𝐠𝐬 𝐅𝐞𝐬𝐭𝐢𝐯𝐚𝐥 is bringing the good times and then some, offering a world-class line up entirely worth the wait.

	To kickstart the celebrations lying in wait this December, 𝐆𝐨𝐨𝐝 𝐓𝐡𝐢𝐧𝐠𝐬 𝐅𝐞𝐬𝐭𝐢𝐯𝐚𝐥 𝟐𝟎𝟐𝟐 has confirmed none other than one of the world’s most electrifying and successful rock bands 𝐁𝐑𝐈𝐍𝐆 𝐌𝐄 𝐓𝐇𝐄 𝐇𝐎𝐑𝐈𝐙𝐎𝐍 to headline proceedings. With BRIT and Grammy nominations, multi-platinum selling releases and over 1 billion YouTube views in their wake since forming in the early 2000s, 𝐁𝐑𝐈𝐍𝐆 𝐌𝐄 𝐓𝐇𝐄 𝐇𝐎𝐑𝐈𝐙𝐎𝐍 continue to push expectations and sonic boundaries, and their live performances are nothing short of show-stopping to say the least.

	They said it would never ever happen, but an Australian miracle will also take place at 𝐆𝐨𝐨𝐝 𝐓𝐡𝐢𝐧𝐠𝐬 𝐅𝐞𝐬𝐭𝐢𝐯𝐚𝐥 – for their first live performances in 19 years, iconic and gold-selling larrikins 𝐓𝐈𝐒𝐌 will be exclusively appearing onstage.

	Forget the tone-deaf empty platitudes, 𝐆𝐨𝐨𝐝 𝐓𝐡𝐢𝐧𝐠𝐬 𝐅𝐞𝐬𝐭𝐢𝐯𝐚𝐥 has also brought American heavyweights 𝐃𝐄𝐅𝐓𝐎𝐍𝐄𝐒 to ramp up festivities. Hailing from Sacramento, California, 𝐃𝐄𝐅𝐓𝐎𝐍𝐄𝐒 are undeniably one of the most innovative and enduring alternative metal acts of all time, and they’ll be in extremely good company alongside rough-and-tumble punk favourites 𝐍𝐎𝐅𝐗 this December as well. Pioneers of SoCal punk and nearly four decades into their careers, 𝐍𝐎𝐅𝐗 will perform their 1994 iconic album ‘Punk In Drublic’ in full and all your favourites at every 𝐆𝐨𝐨𝐝 𝐓𝐡𝐢𝐧𝐠𝐬 𝐅𝐞𝐬𝐭𝐢𝐯𝐚𝐥 𝟐𝟎𝟐𝟐 appearance, with all the hooks and refined raucous energy primed to explode on Aussie stages.

	Speaking of Aussie stages, a band no stranger to playing at home and abroad is none other than 𝐓𝐡𝐞 𝐀𝐦𝐢𝐭𝐲 𝐀𝐟𝐟𝐥𝐢𝐜𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧, with the Queensland metallers set to bring their melodic and majestic brand of metalcore to the masses. Wielding their latest release, 2021’s EP ‘Somewhere Beyond the Blue’, as well as a horde of old favourites, this is one astounding affliction you’ll be ecstatic to experience live in action.

	The party will be in full swing when Japanese rockers 𝐎𝐍𝐄 𝐎𝐊 𝐑𝐎𝐂𝐊 take the stage, with the quartet’s dynamic blend of pop rock, post-hardcore and alternative rock set to simultaneously ignite some good vibes and dynamic singalongs. And fresh from releasing their chart-topping 2021 album ‘Fortitude’, French progressive metal behemoths 𝐆𝐎𝐉𝐈𝐑𝐀 are ready to unleash all the earth-shattering polyrhythms, blast beats and thought-provoking thematics fans have come to know and love on Australian soil.

	The metal vibes keep coming with some delicious goth heaviness via Italian quintet 𝐋𝐀𝐂𝐔𝐍𝐀 𝐂𝐎𝐈𝐋, while crushingly brutal Ukrainian hell-raisers 𝐉𝐈𝐍𝐉𝐄𝐑. German metalcore shapeshifters 𝐄𝐋𝐄𝐂𝐓𝐑𝐈𝐂 𝐂𝐀𝐋𝐋𝐁𝐎𝐘 will be making their first ever trip down under for the occasion.

	Of course, it wouldn’t be a proper party without the inclusion of some other punk favourites, with appearances locked in from Swedish troublemakers 𝐌𝐈𝐋𝐋𝐄𝐍𝐂𝐎𝐋𝐈𝐍 and Californian pop punk lords 𝐓𝐇𝐄 𝐒𝐓𝐎𝐑𝐘 𝐒𝐎 𝐅𝐀𝐑, as well as some triumphant sets from Norwegian punk rockers 𝐁𝐋𝐎𝐎𝐃 𝐂𝐎𝐌𝐌𝐀𝐍𝐃 and Florida alternative giants 𝐒𝐋𝐄𝐄𝐏𝐈𝐍𝐆 𝐖𝐈𝐓𝐇 𝐒𝐈𝐑𝐄𝐍𝐒 to ensure a blistering blowout of epic proportions.

	The festivities continue, with urban punk duo 𝐍𝐎𝐕𝐀 𝐓𝐖𝐈𝐍𝐒 guaranteed to get you all fired up. And heavy metal icons 𝐒𝐀𝐁𝐀𝐓𝐎𝐍 will arrive armed with their band new album ‘The War To End All Wars’, choosing Australia as one of the first to hear the new tunes live, while 𝐒𝐎𝐔𝐋𝐅𝐋𝐘 will also fly the heavy metal flag, returning to their adoring down under fans after one of their longest periods away from Australia in their 30 year career.

	But it’s not just the internationals we’ll be celebrating with this December, with an army of Aussie beloveds also ready to roll. Australian punk rock institution 𝐂𝐎𝐒𝐌𝐈𝐂 𝐏𝐒𝐘𝐂𝐇𝐎𝐒, a band who can claim Pearl Jam’s Eddie Vedder as a mate and musical peer, will be storming the 𝐆𝐨𝐨𝐝 𝐓𝐡𝐢𝐧𝐠𝐬 𝐅𝐞𝐬𝐭𝐢𝐯𝐚𝐥 stages. Fellow Aussie staples also set to appear include rock and electropop trio 𝐑𝐄𝐆𝐔𝐑𝐆𝐈𝐓𝐀𝐓𝐎𝐑 and emphatic ARIA-nominated rockers 𝐊𝐈𝐒𝐒𝐂𝐇𝐀𝐒𝐘, as well as formidable artisan punk storytellers 𝐂𝐇𝐀𝐒𝐈𝐍𝐆 𝐆𝐇𝐎𝐒𝐓𝐒.

	And that’s still not all! Join some of Australia’s favourite alternative exports at 𝐆𝐨𝐨𝐝 𝐓𝐡𝐢𝐧𝐠𝐬 𝐅𝐞𝐬𝐭𝐢𝐯𝐚𝐥 this year, from some melodically charged mayhem courtesy of Sydney metalcore outfit 𝐏𝐎𝐋𝐀𝐑𝐈𝐒, to some lush modern heavy charm via Melbourne’s 𝐓𝐇𝐎𝐑𝐍𝐇𝐈𝐋𝐋 - and some fiery, razor-sharp moments from everybody’s favourite screaming rap-rock-electro-pop mutants 𝐑𝐄𝐃𝐇𝐎𝐎𝐊 for good measure!

	𝐆𝐎𝐎𝐃 𝐓𝐇𝐈𝐍𝐆𝐒 𝐅𝐄𝐒𝐓𝐈𝐕𝐀𝐋 𝐋𝐈𝐍𝐄 𝐔𝐏:

	Bring Me The Horizon | Deftones | NOFX (performing ‘Punk In Drublic’ in full + all your favourites) | TISM (Exclusive: First shows in 19 years!) | The Amity Affliction | Gojira | ONE OK ROCK | Sabaton | Polaris

	𝐈𝐧 𝐀𝐥𝐩𝐡𝐚𝐛𝐞𝐭𝐢𝐜𝐚𝐥 𝐎𝐫𝐝𝐞𝐫:

	Blood Command | Chasing Ghosts | Cosmic Psychos | Electric Callboy | Jinjer | Kisschasy (Performing ‘United Paper People’ In Full) | Lacuna Coil | Millencolin | Ocean Grove | Nova Twins | Paledusk | RedHook | Regurgitator | Sleeping With Sirens | Soulfly | Teenage Joans | The Gloom In The Corner | The Story So Far | Thornhill | Those Who Dream | To The Grave | You Am I | Among the Restless (Melbourne band comp winner)

	𝐃𝐀𝐓𝐄𝐒 𝐀𝐍𝐃 𝐕𝐄𝐍𝐔𝐄𝐒:
	Friday 2nd December - Flemington Racecourse, Melbourne (LIC AA 15+)
	Saturday 3 December- Centennial Park, Sydney (18+)
	Sunday 4 December – Brisbane Showgrounds, Brisbane (LIC AA 15+)


	https://www.goodthingsfestival.com.au/
	http://www.facebook.com/GoodThingsFestival/
	https://instagram.com/goodthingsfestival/
	https://www.tiktok.com/@goodthingsfestival
	https://twitter.com/GoodThingsFest
	https://www.destroyalllines.com/