Deftones
Friday, March 28, 2025
Indianapolis, IN
Gainbridge Fieldhouse

Lineage: Internal mics>Tascam DR-05 Version 2, set at 24-bit/44.1 khz>WAV>Audacity for track splits>TLH to SBE align files and encode to Flac Level 8

Be Quiet and Drive (Far Away)
My Own Summer (Shove it)
Diamond Eyes
Tempest
Swerve City
Feiticeira
Digital Bath
Prayers/Triangles
You've Seen the Butcher
Rocket Skates
Sextape
Around the Fur
Headup
Rosemary
Hole in the Earth
Change (in the House of Flies)
Genesis
Minerva
Bored
7 Words

When they first came onto the scene, I found the Deftones intriguing to be notable but I wouldn't say I was ever a megafan. They were a band I wanted to at least see once for years, and when this tour was announced in the late summer of 2024 I knew this could be my only shot at it. Trouble is, I was looking at an extensive drive no matter where I chose. Indianapolis was the initial choice but then some plans changed regarding the group I was going with so I looked at Columbus. Eventually the plan switched back to Indy, but then more dates were announced later (KC is the last night of the tour - more on this later). Seeing the Mars Volta as a support band also caught my attention and solidified my plans to attend. I did forget at how long of a drive Indianapolis is from me and just how bad the sound at Gainbridge Fieldhouse is. I saw Metallica with Lamb of God there in 2009 and was unimpressed with the sound. This show seemed to confirm my suspicions (so much so that I am not sure I would see a show in this building again. Let's also note that the last time I was at the amphitheater in Noblesville there was only a 2-lane road to let traffic in and out). I was at the complete opposite end of the arena, so this recording is somewhat distant and reverb-laden (I think the reverb is just a product of the sound at this building, but the distance doesn't help). I wasn't necessarily wowed at the show, but upon tracking this out and giving it a listen I think I caught an excellent show here. It was easily enjoyable enough that my tentative plan is to see this again in September when it comes to town (here's to hoping for a better seat). If you are a hardcore fan of this band or were at this show it may be a nice document but given the distance of my seat and the general sound of this fieldhouse I don't think everyone will need this in their collection. If you have a chance to see this tour later this year (2025), I would recommend it. You shouldn't be disappointed and seeing it at least once was a treat.