Deftones
Sacramento, CA
Golden 1 Center
March 1, 2025

--

Lineage:

Multiple Wireless Receivers > Multitrack recorder @ 24bit 44.1k
Recorded by Hoserama

Internal Mics > Tascam DR-2D @ 24bit 44.1k
Recorded by bigdigs26

Mixed by Hoserama
Mix version 20250303

--

01. Be Quiet and Drive
02. My Own Summer
03. Diamond Eyes
04. Tempest
05. Swerve City
06. Feiticeira
07. Digital Bath
08. Prayers/Triangles
09. You've Seen the Butcher
10. Rocket Skates
11. Sextape
12. Bloody Cape
13. Rosemary
14. Hole in the Earth
15. Change
16. Genesis
17. Encore
18. Minerva
19. Bored
20. 7 Words

--

Show Notes:
I've never seen Deftones before, so no idea how this show ranks for them. A little extra pep to their step maybe since it was hometown show? High energy show, with lots of energy in the mosh pit. I'll stay far away from that with my taper gear though. 

Recording Notes:
Interesting to hear his heavily processed vocals so cleanly. One of the feeds I recorded was just a straight capture of his post-fx vocals send. In any case, this is a pretty clean mix. It's missing a bit of the big arena hall sound since the IEM feeds were so dry. If anybody has another quality audience recording of it, let me know and maybe I can improve on this.

--

As always, encouraging people to get into taping and mixing. Just take the craft seriously and it will reward you many times over. There's no point in complaining about missing recordings or subpar quality if you're not contributing--pushing 1's and 0's around on the internet is no comparison for taping.

--

IEM recordings are not for everyone. If not they're not your thing, either sonically or ethically, well at least you didn't spend any money on this.

Similarly, I'm mixing primarily for my ears. This is what sounds best to me. This may not sound best to you. That's a fair statement. I'm open to honest criticism (although you should have caught me when I was working on the mix!), but pointless complaining is unappreciated (naturally). Let's play nice.

--

Feel free to distribute this recording, either in FLAC or 256kps (or greater) mp3. Just include this info file along with the files.

Feel free to remaster/remix this recording. Just keep it to your own computer and iPod, and do not redistribute.

Please do not remaster or use this audio for any video project or personal youtube/soundcloud/etc page. It's considered offensive to take the audio/video and co-opt that hard work without permission. Especially folks that "remaster" the audio, while overloading and distorting the audio. If you want to remaster the audio...go back to the original recording and do your own (with taper permission!)

While it's released for free on the internet, and I can take no real action if somebody takes the audio, I ask that you honor this simple request. After all, the only logical alternative to stop folks co-opting the audio is to simply stop releasing material on the internet, and just restrict it for sharing with other tapers. Be a part of the solution, not the problem.

--

Enjoy y'all!
- Hoserama/Sharebear
