Queens of the Stone Age

2002-11-18  Dachstock Reithalle, Bern, Switzerland; (Secret Acoustic Show)

Taper: 	?
Source: 	SBD
Editor: 	Sakul (aka Obertu)
Editing:	Tracksplitting and Fixing in WaveLab v4.0
Transfer:	SBD>?>Cassette>Cassette Player>Mini Stereo-Jack Cable>HD
SHN:	WAV>MKWAct 0.97>SHN 


Setlist:

01. Mosquito Song				
02. Six Shooter				
03. Bloody Hammer [Rocky Erickson]		
04. Go With The Flow			 
05. Hangin' Tree				
06. Detroit [Mondo Generator]		
07. I'm Dead [Desert Sessions 5&6]		
08. Gonna Leave You [Spanish Version]	
09. Four Corners [Mondo Generator]		
10. I Want You To Die [Mondo Generator]	
11. First It Giveth				
12. All That I Got? [Lanegan?]		
13. Like A Drug [Desert Sessions 5&6]	
14. No One Knows				
15. On Jesus` Program [Lanegan]	           
16. Auto Pilot			           
17. You Can't Put Your Arms Around A Memory [Johnny Thunders]
18. Another Love Song		            
19. Better Living Through Chemistry	    


Technical-Notes: 
There are some major skips in Track 8 (Gonna Leave You) i couldn't fix. Some minor skips in Track 15 (On Jesus` Program) i fixed are still audible, but not disturbing...Track 12 is an unknown song with Mark Lanegan on vocals. Overall, the sound of this recording is just incredible (though it's Cassette sourced).


Show-Notes:
QOTSA played a sold out show on November 17th at the Fri-Son in Fribourg (Switzerland). Right after the band left the stage, someone grabbed the mic and announced that everybody who wanted to see QOTSA again should come to the Reithalle in Bern the next day (QOTSA had a Off-Day after the Fribourg show). Well, most of the crowd obviously thought of this as a joke. And since the announcer spoke swiss-german and most of the crowd was swiss-french, probably 2/3 didn't even understand what he was telling. So i thought, well i got nothing to do tomorrow evening, so i can go and see whats really going on in Bern (just to mention: Bern is the capitol of Switzerland, not Zurich...). When i arrived on Moday November 18th in front of the Reithalle, hundreds of people where already waiting. Fortunately i managed to get a ticket for only 12 swiss franks (that's about 10 US$). The room, where the show finally took place in front of about 700 people, is called "Dachstock" (in english this means attic). It's a big attic of course...A very old wooden room with a great acoustic. As you can imagine, the ambience is just great there! I forced my way right in front of the stage. On the stage, there was a sofa with a little table in front and two lamps on each side. And then, Josh and Nick entered the stage. They sat down and began to play. Huuuge show i can tell you!!! They were smoking,drinking and joking (as you can hear between the songs). For some songs, Mark Lanegan came on stage and went down right after the last tunes (he was really looking bad that evening :( ). The sound was excellent, and so was the setlist...After the show, i and some friends of mine met Josh and Nick. They told us that they came here because they'd liked the place so much when they had played a show many years ago. Oh, and Nick asked where he could buy some cocaine (no joke)...
Well, that was one ofe the best shows i've been to. I hope you like it as well. I apologize if my english isn't the best, hope you understood what i was talking about :)

Enjoy

PS: if you downloaded the QOTSA DVD from St.Gallen 2003-06-27, you can hear Josh welcoming the "friends from Bern" at the end of the show...





