Queens of the Stone Age
The Venue at Thunder Valley
Lincoln, CA
May 1, 2026

Taper: The Jackal
Tascam DR-05 (internal mics) WAV > Dell Inspiron 13 > Audacity (boost some of the really quiet parts, mitigate some audience disturbances, fades & tracking) FLAC

Final show of The Catacombs Tour

Act I
Running Joke / Paper Machete
Kalopsia
Villains of Circumstance
Suture Up Your Future
I Never Came
interlude

Act II
Someone's in the Wolf / A Song for the Deaf / Straight Jacket Fitting
Mosquito Song
Keep Your Eyes Peeled
Spinning in Daffodils
interlude

Act III
"You Got a Killer Scene There, Man…"
Josh speaks
Hideaway
The Vampyre of Time and Memory
Auto Pilot
Easy Street
Fortress
…Like Clockwork

Encore:
Josh speaks again
Long Slow Goodbye
walk-off (Mark Lanegan on the stereo)

QOTSA:
Josh Homme - lead vocals, guitar, keyboards, cleaver
Troy Van Leeuwen - guitar, vocals
Michael Shuman - bass, vocals
Dean Fertita - keyboards, guitar
Jon Theodore - drums
Strings & Brass introduced as local Sacramento musicians
Eric Gorfain - conductor
JD Latter (?) - percussion

Another Jackal Production Vol 44: Queens of the Stone Age 2026-05-01 The Venue at Thunder Valley, Lincoln, CA

This was the final show of the Catacombs Tour.  I had tickets for the SF Catacombs show last November but bailed at the last minute.  I live a half hour east of Sacramento and just couldn't muster the enthusiasm to do the 111-mile drive to the San Francisco civic center on a weekday (there would be rush hour traffic going through Sac & the normal awful traffic through Berkeley & over the Bay Bridge & throughout downtown SF)... waaa waaaa waaaaaa! Ever since, I've cursed myself for being such a wimp & wimping out.  I was thrilled (relieved) when, in late February, the show at The Venue was announced.  Thunder Valley is an Indian casino & resort just a half hour from home!  Nice meal & play some video poker after the show... 	YEAH BABY!!

I had an 11th row floor seat in the middle of the leftmost section.  Josh spent quite a bit of time walking the two aisles between the floor sections and the main aisle between the floor seats and the first elevated sections.  Sometimes I had great views & other times I was blocked by the largest giant heads that I've ever seen!  The couples on either side and a group behind me were occasionally chatty & there was a loud whistler somewhere nearby.  I mitigated these distractions as best I could.  I let a few disturbances stand that were during the music or when Josh was talking.  I also had to boost Josh's talking & many of the quieter musical sections.

Includes the venue + tour posters & pics I took with my iPhone 15 ProMax and edited for presentation with PowerPoint.
 
Enjoy!
