>>> from www.vegasnews.com <<<

Puscifer at The Pearl

February 15, 2009 by VegasNews 

Puscifer at The PalmsPuscifer’s performance at The Pearl on February 13, photographed and reviewed by Erik Kabik of Las Vegas.

    What is a Puscifer? That is the question still rolling around in my brain. Whatever it is, I like it! Tonight was the world premiere of Maynard James Keenan’s newest project as he began a three night run at The Pearl concert venue at the Palms.

    I went to the Puscifer concert tonight with mixed and somewhat low expectations. I have been a fan of Maynard James Keenan’s work in both of his bands: TOOL and A Perfect Circle. I’m also an avid wine fan and think Maynard hit the ball out of the park with his own Merkin Vineyards Cauduceus wine series. I figured he had to fall at some point and disappoint me eventually, and with all the odd rumors surrounding Puscifer I was expecting to be less than impressed. It sounded so over the top that I just figured for a train wreck. I was very wrong.  In fact, I was quite blown away by the end of the night.

    To start, YES, MILA JOJOVICH was at the show and performed one song but NO, I have no images. You see, the press photographers are limited to 3 songs no flash and tonight it was only 2 songs (a sad reality of the modern day concert photography situation which I will complain about as long as I can, because frankly it stinks as we miss all the good stuff!) and Mila did not come out until he final song of the night. When she did, WOW, it was a high point for sure. She looked stunning and her voice was great.

    The show was part satirical sketches, part concert and part video presentation. The satire was profound, well written and, although absurd, left you thinking and asking questions. Everyone I was with had a take on what it all meant. Like a great Bob Dylan song you could take it apart for a while and everyone had their own version of what it meant. Some were less impressed than others but all were inspired to discuss it.

    The show began with a nun and a priest who came out to start things off who were accompanied by a new age character called Punjab. They went into some antics about religion, conciseness and the universe and I was starting to wonder where this was all going because I wanted some photos of Maynard and Mila (and some music, of course). Then Maynard showed up as an almost unrecognizable overweight, balding, hunched over man in a sweat suit with the name ‘JESUS’ across his rear. He reminded me of an old Jewish man you mgiht see in Brooklyn New York except he was going on about Jesus Juice.

    Then the music began, and I quickly realized this was going to get good. The show was a great mix of adult satire and music but the music was the key tonight. You wont see it in the images but when Maynard came back out after the 3rd song. He was the cool, sleek looking Maynard we all used to seeing; in a suit, sunglasses and toasting the crowd proudly with a glass of what I imagine was a very fine wine.

    Maynard James Keenan is always ahead of the curve with his music, and tonight he proved he is staying out ahead of the curve. He presented some of the most cutting edge live music I have heard in some time. A hybrid of Industrial music, with tribal beats and thought provoking lyrics; ambient at times, intense and heavy. The music portions of the show were outstanding. I do wish there were more of them.

    – Erik Kabik
