Jeff TweedyVic Theatre Chicago IL2013-03-14HereÕs the second of two benefit shows played by Jeff Tweedy in support of the scholarship fund of his sonsÕ school. The first nightÕs recording is available here:- http://www.dimeadozen.org/torrents-details.php?id=516439A much tighter performance than the previous night which was JeffÕs first show of any sort for a number of months. The setlist is made up of songs requested by the first 30 in line upon Jeff and familyÕs arrival at the venue. As itÕs normally the same 30 at the head of the line, we normally get 30 different songs played each night with the vast majority coming from deep cuts rather than standards.  I was tempted to request the same track but decided against it. For the second night running, Jeff managed to pronounce my name wrongly when announcing the request, I think I edited out my response! So the perfect end to a perfect week in Chicago, very cold but generally sunny weather, a week earlier and the trip may have been in doubt due to heavy snowfall. Enjoy the recording and buy lots of stuff from the Wilco store - http://wilco.kungfustore.com.Once again, thanks to Stan Doty for the impeccable sound. Via ChicagoHummingbirdPoor PlacesPlease Tell My BrotherI Wanna Be Your Dog [The Stooges]She's A JarHenry and the H-Bombs [Mott The Hoople]Art of AlmostOne By OneSky Blue SkySatan, Your Kingdom Must Come Down ("...for the new Pope")Nothing Up My SleeveListening To The Wind That BlowsWhen The Roses Bloom AgainBlasting FondaHotel ArizonaCountry DisappearedCan't Stand ItSomeday Soon (started and restarted three times)We've Been HadPassenger SideMondayGunThe Late GreatsAirline To HeavenI'm The Man Who Loves You (dedicated to Susan Miller Tweedy)---------------------------------The Community Song (sung four times)Casino Queen ("LouFest" arrangement)Acuff-Rose (performed at edge of stage without PA system)Recorded & uploaded by Pennyghael from the stalls, dead centre about 8 or so rows back, using Church Audio CA11> CA9200> Zoom H4n> iMac> audacity for splitting tracs> xACT for converting to FLAC.