Jeff TweedyVic Theatre Chicago IL2013-03-13Every 15 years or so, it seems I make a translantic trip to see a bunch of shows by a musical hero. In 1998 it was Bob Mould, 2013Õs trip was to enable me to catch Jeff Tweedy performing his traditional pair of shows which act as a benefit for the scholarship fund his childrensÕ school. Not sure who itÕll be in 2018. Not one for queuing all day to get a great seat I did so on this occasion as the first 30 or so in line get to request a song and/or ask a question that Jeff will play/answer later that night. You meet some wonderful people in line, some you love to read on various messageboards, some whose posts youÕre more likely to ignore. Staying positive, it was great to meet up with Paul, Brianne, Rob, Tamla, Laura & Diane over the two days.This was JeffÕs first show of any sort since the previous December and the word from his wife Susan as she took requests was that Jeff wasnÕt looking forward to the show as he didnÕt feel prepared and wouldnÕt know any of the songs we were requesting he play. How wrong he was. What followed later was a great show from a truly brilliant songwriter, a warm and humourous performer who is more talkative in these settings than he appears when fronting Wilco.These pair of shows are not available in their roadcase series so itÕs not an infringement on DimeÕs or WilcoÕs policies. Fans of the band will already be aware of the roadcase series at WilcoÕs online store - http://wilco.kungfustore.com/roadcase.html - the more casual fan probably doesnÕt. Give them a try; the most excellent quality recording available in a choice of digital formats for 9-12USD a pop. All recorded, mastered and mixed by the impeccable Stan Doty, WilcoÕs longtime soundman. The showWilco (the song) ("Jeff Tweedy solo will love you baby...")Radio KingOne WingOne Sunday MorningLost LoveSunken TreasureThe Long CutMessage From Mid-Bar ("spoken word" version)Spiders (Kidsmoke)Radio CurePot Kettle BlackPlease Be Patient With Me[The Community Song (sung twice)]I'm Only Sleeping [The Beatles]Why Would You Wanna Live[The Community Song]Simple Twist Of Fate [Bob Dylan]The Auld Triangle [traditional]Bull Black Nova (started and restarted)Laminated Cat (aka Not For The Season)James Alley Blues [Richard "Rabbit" Brown]You Are Not AloneLet's Not Get Carried Away ("spoken word" version; fragment only)Everlasting EverythingWhat Are They Doing In Heaven Today? [Washington Phillips]ELT[The Community Song (sung three times)]I Wish I Was Your Mother [Mott The Hoople]What LightJesus, etc.--------------------------------------------Theologians ("...dedicated to the new pope")Outta Mind (Outta Sight)Recorded and uploaded by Pennyghael using Church Audio CA11>Zoom H4n>iMac>audacity for splitting tracs>xACT for converting to FLAC.