JEFF TWEEDY
April 5th, 2026
Victoria, BC, Canada
Royal Theatre

Recorded on an iPhone, so lower your expectations.

iPhone 7 > cooledit > CD Wave editor > Trader's Little Helper

Sometimes when I don't have to travel for a show, the stakes seem a bit lower. I always cherish
the opportunity to see Jeff play solo, but this is the first time I've seen him with a band 
and I wasn't sure what to expect. It ended up being one of the best shows I've ever seen him play!
I've really been enjoying Twilight Override, the triple album this tour is supporting, but
I didn't realize his band was going to be so fucking incredible. Also, getting to hear Jeff take
so many guitar leads is something I sorely miss with Wilco, who I still love deeply but know what
to expect when I see them (a lot of Yankee Hotel, a lot of A Ghost is Born, and nothing much from
the last 20 years - boo!). The Sukirae tunes were a pleasant surprise, as were the one-off covers
in the encore. 

The crowd was really into it, loud but not too obnoxious, and Jeff was very chatty and charming.
Sometimes seeing him play is like catching a comedian who writes killer songs. I recorded this
with my iPhone in my pocket in the front row - it actually sounds quite listenable, and I'm not
expecting to see any other sources (though I'd be happily proven wrong!). I never did see
recordings from Wilco's 2025 Seattle shows surface, and I did tape both with the same lousy set up.
Let me know if I should share those, or if I missed a proper tape circulating...

Enjoy!


01. One Tiny Flower
02. Caught Up in the Past
03. Love is For Love
04. Forever Never Ends
05. This is How It Ends
06. Low Key
07. World Away
08. Mirror
09. Better Song
10. Don't Forget
11. Stray Cats in Spain
12. Gwendolyn
13. Love is the King
14. Out in the Dark
15. Cry Baby Cry
16. Flowering
17. New Orleans
18. Diamond Light Pt. 1
19. No One's Moving On
20. Feel Free
21. Lou Reed Was My Babysitter
--
22. [band introductions]
23. Family Ghost
24. Two Lips, Two Lungs and One Tongue [Nomeansno]
25. Victoria [The Kinks]
26. Enough


Sima Cunningham - bass/guitar/vocals
Liam Kazar - guitar/bass/vocals
Macie Stewart - violin/guitar/keyboard/vocals
Jeff Tweedy - guitar/vocals
Sammy Tweedy - synth/percussion/vocals
Spencer Tweedy - drums/vocals


https://wilcoworld.net


Recorded by Chris Lawrence (silvercircle@shaw.ca)