Well.....the day has come for me to post my last Pantera show which was also the very first time I got to see Pantera! This show was on the tour they did with Suicidal Tendencies & Exodus at Bogart's in Cincinnati Ohio. At the time I did not know anything about Pantera as they had just recently released the "Cowboys From Hell" album on July24th and was only been out for about 5 weeks. Needless to say when the lights went out and during the first few seconds of "Domination" out of knowhere Phil leaped out of the darkness (from an elevated level...off of the speakers?) through an extreme strobelight to give it that "slow motion" effect and I was floored! I was stunned by the intensity of this Texas band and it wasn't a stretch to say that if they didn't blow S/T & Exodus off of the stage that at least they "held their own" with the citizens of Cincinnati! 
Over the years I got to see a total of 16 Pantera shows (I would have prolly have seen more if it wasn't for the fact that some of Pantera's shows was on the same day as a few Metallica shows I went to) and wished I could have seen more. I never got to see Damageplan as they also seemed to be close to home when I already had tickets for another show. The very last time I saw Vinnie & Darrell onstage was when they joined Disturbed onstage to do a cover of "Walk" at the August 2nd stop at the 2003 Ozzfest in Alpine Valley,Wisconsin after getting caught in a speed trap less than a couple of miles from the venue where we had to pay a $160 fine or go to jail! So it was worth it to see "Walk" plus me & my friend Paul also got to hang out with Snake, Away & Piggy on their tour bus and was able to hook them up with a joint I had on me at the time (they was jonesing soo bad for a buzz!) and left one for Jason and made them promise to "not smoke it!" At some later time I will post the Disturbed set if there is interest in it....but for now get one last pull and if you celebrate this holiday season have a "Black Tooth" in Dimebag's memory of the great life he had! It is tragic how he died but he did die with his boots on and a guitar in his hand....celebrate his life and not his death! 

Enjoy 


Pantera 1990-08-30 Bogart's Cincinnati OH 
Sony D-3 Pro Walkman > Realistic 33-1065 Electret Stereo Microphone > Fuji FR-IIx100 > 
Sony TC-WR570 > Philips CDR-200 > CDR > EAC > FLAC 
Taped by Jerry B. aka "The Govner" 

DO NOT DISTRIBUTE IN LOSSY FORMAT!!!! 

Track01 Domination 
Track02 Psycho Holiday 
Track03 The Art Of Shredding 
Track04 Cowboys From Hell 
Track05 Primal Concrete Sledge 
Track06 Heresy 
