*Original upload had sector boundry errors that have been corrected*

One of the most popular torrents on this site was the Milwaukee 1980 Black Sabbath Riot show that was taped by Analog....so I'm sure this will bring just as much interest!Here is some comments that was posted at Rob Dryer's Black Sabbath Live Project website.... 
Neither Black Sabbath or the Ozzy Osbourne band appeared at this show, but did return on July 1st for a makeup date. Ozzfest attendees didn’t learn of Ozzy’s cancellation until about 9 hours after the gates first opened. 

"Members of several Ozzfest bands (Pantera, Type O Negative, Fear Factory and Marilyn Manson) assembled an ad-hoc Ozzy tribute band to fill in for the missing headliners. They performed a short set of Ozzy covers including "I Don't Know", "Mr. Crowley", "Suicide Solution", "Crazy Train" [Marilyn Manson-vocals], and "Bark At The Moon". Their show lasted just over 35 minutes and did little to soothe the disappointed crowd. Many were still waiting for Ozzy to come out and do his thing, but Pantera frontman Phil Anselmo had to break the bad news that the really was over. 

From MTV News: The capacity crowd of 20,000 was less than thrilled with the news, and about 1,000 of them took their anger out on the venue. Fans smashed box office windows, ripped down panels from a wooden fence, and lit small fires around the amphitheater ground. According to the "Columbus Dispatch," the crowd also seriously damaged at least one car, and destroyed trees and fences on neighboring property. This riot resulted in the arrest of 23 attendees. 

"When one of the band members announced that Ozzy wasn't here, the guys ran to the fence and started tearing it down," one fan told a local news crew of the situation. “All of a sudden bonfires broke out on the lawn and people were setting seats on fire, setting the wall on fire, and I work here... not tonight. But I have to clean up all of this stuff up tomorrow." 

"They were just trashing the place 'cause everybody's angry," another fan said. "We need our money back because we didn't get our concert." 

Five fans were treated for minor injuries, one was charged by police with disorderly conduct, and the venue hopes to announce refund information in a few days. Ozzy's publicist would only say that Ozzy will be back with Ozzfest for Thursday night's show at Chicago's World Amphitheater." 

The Pantera set was as usual was tight.....during "This Love" there was some stripper who was giving her best dance moves on stage for Phil and had "This Love" painted on her ass cheeks that she proudly flashed for all to see! 

After a bit of a delay between Marylyn Manson's set and Ozzy's solo set (there was many partons who was getting a serious search by Ohio State Troopers for a reported "bomb threat" that was made if MM went onstage) Phil comes out and wants to jam with Ozzy's band....which seemed to be pretty cool at first. But after the Joey Holme's guitar solo the crowd started getting restless. Phil being the trooper that he was tried his best to put a postive spin on the cancellation but after almost 10 hours of Metal, beer & summer heat everything came to a head! The riot itself runs longer than will fit on a standard 80 cdr so where there was a break in the recording from where I was getting ready to pack up my gear I continued on a 3rd disc...but you can choose to tack it on at the end of the Pantera cd (or delete) if you choose. 

Enjoy! 




Pantera + Ozzfest Jam & Riot 1997-06-17 
Polaris Amphitheater Columbus OH 
Sony D-7 > Realistic 33-1065 Stereo Electret Microphone > Maxell DM-120 > 
Philips CDR-200 > CDR > EAC > FLAC 
Taped By Jerry B aka "The Govner" 

Disc 1 Pantera 
Disc 2 Ozzy's Band (Joey Holmes, Robert Trujillo & Micheal Bordin) 
plus vocals by Phil Anselmo on Disc 2 Tracks 1-3 
Marylyn Manson Vocals on "Crazy Train" 
Unsure of who sang on "Bark At The Moon" (maybe Rob Flynn of Machine Head?) 
Disc 3 is from where there is a break in the tape of the last 13 minutes of 
the master tape that would not fit on Disc 2 in real time 

Disc 1 Pantera's set 
Track01 Cowboys From Hell 
Track02 A New Level 
Track03 Walk 
Track04 Becoming 
Track05 5 Minutes Alone 
Track06 Sandblasted Skin 
Track07 Domination 
Track08 This Love 
Track09 Fucking Hostile 

Disc 2 Ozzfest Jam & Riot 
Track01 I Don't Know (Phil vocals) 
Track02 Mr Crowley (Phil vocals) 
Track03 Suicide Solution (Phil vocals with Joey Holmes solo) 
Track04 Crazy Train (Marylyn Manson vocals) 
Track05 Bark At The Moon (??? on vocals) 
Track06 Phil breaks the bad news..... 
Track07 Riot ensues! 
Disc 3 
Track08 In The Parking Lot 
Track09 Radio Reports of The Riot