Sorry about being late posting this....I had to do some tuning up on my car & I fell asleep on the couch afterwars! 

This show should have not been taped....by me! But it was...and I owe it to one of my "Friends of the road" that I have met over the years that I have lost contact with. And that person would be Rick Cowell. 
People from Detroit would know him as the dj "Rick Elliot" who was on the air with Z-Rock and would also work for Ted Nugent when the radio station changed format to "The Bear". The last few years (until recently) he was working as "Scoop" at WBZX 99.7 "The Blitz" in Columbus and may have been at The Al Rosa Villa the night Dimebag was murdered by Nathan Gale. Rick has always been very helpful with me whenever he could at times letting me stay with him at his crib when I made a long out of town trip. I just found out in the last few months that he does not work for The Blitz anymore. 
At this particular Ozzfest I had really no interest in paying big $$ just to see Pantera which was the only band outside of Ozzy & QOTSA that I wanted to see so I was trying to "mooch" some lawn tickets off of Rick if the station had any left over. However....things wasn't working out for Rick and he could not make it to the show that day so he gave me his pavillion seats in the lower bowl but I had to do it at the very last minute and barely got in in enough time to tape Pantera! Since I moved back to Tennessee in 2001 my trips to Columbus has been limited and Rick has been busy with his work, his daughter and spending weekends in the "Dogpound!" 

So this show is a gift from my friend "Scoop"......any Tool or Clutch collectors out there if you know Rick forward this show & info to him and see if you can have him to contact me. 

Thanks 

Jerry 

Enjoy! 

Pantera 2000-07-18 Polaris Amphitheater Columbus OH 
Sony D-7 > Realistic 33-1065 Stereo Electric Microphone > Maxell R-124DA > 
Philips CDR-200 > CDR > EAC > FLAC 
Taped by Jerry B aka "The Govner" 

DO NOT DISTRIBUTE IN LOSSY FORMAT!!!! 

Track01 Intro 
Track02 Yesterday Don't Mean Shit 
Track03 Walk 
Track04 A New Level 
Track05 Hellbound 
Track06 Goddamn Electric 
Track07 Becoming 
Track08 Revolution Is My Name 
Track09 Fucking Hostile 
Track10 This Love 
Track11 Primal Concrete Sledge 
Track12 Cowboys From Hell