Butthole Surfers
‘Pandora’s Music Box Festival’
De Doelen (Dance Hall)
Rotterdam, NL
October 12, 1985

Broadcast 1 (Live): VPRO-FM>FM(m)>FM(1)>ONKYO TA-RW344 w\ azimuth correction>Cooledit Pro 2.0>.wav>flac (level  8)

1) Suicide
2) Graveyard
3) To Parter
4) Gary Floyd
5) Cherub
6) Butthole Surfer

Broadcast  2 (highlights) : VPRO-FM>FM(m)>unknown transfer>CD(2)>EAC>flac (level 8)

7) >dj chat< 
8) Gibby interview 
9) >dj chat< 
10) Teresa interview 
11) >dj chat< 
12) BBQ Pope 
12) >dj chat< 
13) Gibby interview 
14) >dj chat< 
15) Teresa interview 
16) >dj chat<
17) Moving to Florida 
18) Lady Sniff 
19) Moving to Florida (incomplete) 
20) BBQ Pope (complete)


Actual setlist was:
01 Suicide
02 Graveyard
03 To Parter
04 Gary Floyd
05 Cherub
06 Butthole surfer
07 BBQ Pope
08 Moving to Florida
09 Lady Sniff
10 The Shah Sleeps in Lee Harvey’s Grave (not broadcast)
11 Hurdy Gurdy Man (not broadcast)
12 Come together (not broadcast)

Line-up: Gibby, Paul, Teresa, King, Kramer

-x-

Ok, here is the definitive edition of this gem, so take heed!

This show has long been circulating amongst fans in VG quality, but never this complete, and never in THIS quality. 

It seems what has been circulating prior to this was the 2nd broadcast with interviews with Gibby and Teresa interspersed with songs from the show. With the interview segments, the recording lasts about 25 minutes. 

There seems, however, to have been a live broadcast during the concert that includes 5 extra songs! Fukked if I knew before I popped this one in the tape deck thinking it was just a QUALITY upgrade!...This version tops 40 minutes!!

The quality of this broadcast is A+, you won’t find it better than this. A classic show which got the Buttholes noticed in mainland Europe. They came back to Holland to play the Effenaar a couple of weeks later as darlings of the Pandora’s Festival. 

The first part of the show is from a 1st gen cassette  of the broadcast. It had no interview segments. It included Florida and BBQ Pope, which were both broadcast on pt 2. Both are slightly incomplete, although better quality. I put them at the end so that ya have the full audio experience.  

The last complete song of the live broadcast is “Butthole Surfer”, which is where the second broadcast began. I included the first broadcast version since it is sonically far superior. The two broadcasts flow nicely into each other and the songs were seemingly broadcast, even on the highlights broadcast, in the order they were played.

The 2nd, highlights broadcast is supposedly from a CD made from a master broadcast cassette. While a solid A-, it isn’t quite what the 1st part is. No azimuth correction, perhaps…Either way, it’s still a really good recording. No disappointments. You will notice how much better pt 1 is when track 20 pops on, though. If you want to change the order to reflect Part 1 in it’s entirety, just put tracks 19,20 as tracks 7 and 8. The way I did it flows a lot better, IMHO, and prevents repeat songs between the 2. Yer choice, though

Now, we are just 3 songs away from having the complete performance. Who knows, maybe they were  broadcast on VPRO at some point. I don’t think so, though. Until those surface, ya can, and WILL, enjoy this one. I guarantee it!

Enjoy, But REALLY!
Don’t Sell This!!
Please Don’t Disseminate this is MP3 Format




