
Butthole Surfers
June 8, 1985
CBGB’s NYC

A Tapegeek Master Recording/Hitwitstuff2 Upload!

TDK SA-X90 cassette, Aiwa CM30 Stereo Mic, Aiwa Recorder->LUXMAN K-111 HX Pro Stereo Cassette Deck->Audacity (Levels adjusted, tracks created, no EQ).
flacs created with Switch, MD5 file created with xACT.


HITWITSTUFF2 SAYS:

Its a long weird path that brings these recordings to DIME. It starts in 1997 when on a work assignment in Los Angeles I started talking with a co-worker named Scott and it turns out that he’s into lots of the music stuff I’m into and he’s a taper! Its almost the final days of this project and Scott appears one morning with a Paper Grocery bag filled with first gen copies from master recordings of Replacements, Husker Du, Minutemen, fIREHOSE, Meat Puppets, Butthole Surfers, Robin Hitchcock…..I got dizzy. I had only three or four days to get them all copied and that could only be done while on my ten hour turnaround between work; thats the time I should be sleeping. I went crazy dubbing with my dubber and cassette to DAT with my other set up (instead of sleeping). I didn’t get em all, but I got all that was very important to me. Fifteen years later, I uploaded one of these “Scott Paper Bag” shows to Dime and told this story. Turns out Scott is on Dime as “Sporkpie” and identified himself to me. I also met his friend who is also on Dime. He goes by Tapegeek. Those first gen copies that were in the bag were mostly copies of Tapegeek (and his friend and fellow DIME’r Peewee’s) master recordings. Tapegeek coincidently is in the same profession as myself. Small world, huh? Well, guess what. These are his recordings off of his master cassettes that we are now going to enjoy and share so lets reward Tapegeek for handing over his master, for trusting me and for his generosity. Lets get some great comments.

TAPEGEEK (OUR RECORDIST) SAYS:

This was the first time that I saw and recorded the Butthole Surfers - I had "Psychic Powerless..." at least, so I had a vague idea what I was in for - sadly, I had no idea who Scratch Acid was, who also played, and so I missed them completely, I am pretty sure - my friend was having a wild party nearby, so we went back and forth between CBGBs and the party to see the Buttholes - I used another friend's AIWA tape recorder with the built-in mic and put it on a ledge under the lighting booth at the end of the bar - the Buttholes and CBGB's amazing sound system did all of the rest. 

They played two sets and I was thoroughly gobsmacked and awestruck - if you have seen "Blind Man Sees All" (Detroit 85) you have a vague idea what the show was like, visually - if you are a true Buttholes fan you probably already have a copy of this recording, but I bet that it doesn't sound this good - it's without doubt one of my favorite recordings that I have ever made - enjoy!!
If you have ever heard this recording of this show before, it is because I used to trade cassettes with people all over the world, and so many dubs of this master have made the rounds - I have been waiting for a very long time for someone like hitwitstuff2 to help me out with getting these shows properly digitized and shared, and so many thanks are due to him - share your recordings folks!!!



12:00 Set
1. 100 Million People
2. Graveyard
3. Pittsburg to Lebanon
4. Cherub
5. To Partner
6. Tornadoes
7. Hey
8. ?
9. Sea Ferring

2:00 set
10. Lee Harvey’s Grave
11. Lady Sniff
12. Suicide
13. Something
14. Dum Dum
15. Gary Floyd
16. Whirling Hall of Knives
17. detune
18. Butthole Surfer 1
19. Butthole Surfer 2
20. Bar B que Pope
21. Mark Says Alright
22. Cherub