Band name: Collective Soul
Date: Tuesday, June 22, 2021
Venue/location: The Great Lawn @ Waterfront Park, Louisville, Kentucky, USA
Event: Danny Wemmer Presents the Live on the Lawn concert series
Recording type: Audience
Taper(s): Chickenwing
Media: lossless; 1 CD
Source information: Digital Master
Lineage: Zoom H2N internal X-Y microphones (24 bit, 48 KHZ WAV) -> mastered in Goldwave -> track splitting in Goldwave -> encoded to FLAC level 6 using Trader's Little Helper
Generation: Master
Total running time: 56:55 (57 minutes)

Track listing:
01. Who Loves
02. Heavy
03. Gel
04. Why, Pt. 2
05. Shine
06. December (with Tommy Shaw on guitar and vocals)
07. Better Now (with band introductions)
08. Where the River Flows
09. Run
10. Right as Rain
11. The World I Know

Notes and comments:
Lineup: Paul Ollinger (Comedian), Collective Soul, Styx
The band:
Ed Roland – lead vocals, additional guitars, keyboards
Dean Roland – rhythm guitar
Will Turpin – bass, backing vocals
Johnny Rabb – drums, percussion
Jesse Triplett – lead guitar, backing vocals

Recorded from the front of the lawn.

I debated with myself over whether or not I wanted to drop the $ on these tickets. I primarily have to thank my fiancé for giving me the push to do it, since I already bought Shinedown tickets the month before and cash was lacking. I'm insanely glad I went for it, especially since we couldn't make it to Shinedown when the Coronavirus struck.
This gig also fell on the perfect day; it was two weeks after my second dose of the vaccine, and I was excited to give this world a shot again. It was short lived, but it was fun!
As an aside, my fiancé and I spent the night before watching Garth Brook's receive the Gershwin Prize, and it was an amazing show. You should look it up! We spent much of the next day with them as well, and after dropping by my parents' to grab recording equipment etc, it was time!
It felt really natural to get back into live venues with live people, even though I was pretty skeptical of the human presence after so many months of virtual shows. Precious and I scoped out a great recording spot at the front of the lawn, roughly 20 minutes before Paul Ollinger took the stage. In one sentence, he sucked. Don't get me wrong, he did a great job stereotyping a Louisville classic rock crowd (lots of jokes about lazy millennials and overbearing women) except all of his jokes fell completely flat. IN that moment, I was very proud of my city!
Collective Soul followed quickly after, and I didn't realize I knew any of their music! I don't know much, but one song is better than 0, and the set contained a great surprise. I feel like the energy was definitely weighted toward the first half of the show, though, and the second half passed me by.
Recording notes: After my Zoom broke down at the Korn/Breaking Benjamin show in early 2020, I bought a new one just as the pandemic kicked in. I didn't have a chance to use it until now, of course, and spent the day before the show putting it through field tests. I decided to run in 24-48 from now on, and I'm pretty happy with the choice. Other than a few people walking in front of me, the recording turned out okay for an outdoor gig; Styx sounds better. This is certainly listenable though, and I would recommend the show if you're into these guys.

Support Collective Soul: http://www.collectivesoul.com/
My masters: https://www.dropbox.com/s/rw7vl4egxozs9nt/Masters.txt?dl=1
If you're interested in a trade, looking for a taper, or would like to contact me for any reason, I can be reached via the ID Chickenwing8 on most trading sites.
I would like to include a heartfelt thank you to the people over at Setlist.FM for constantly doing their best to update and accurately post setlists from every show possible. Everyone makes mistakes (and they're known for it) but they have helped me immensely in writing up track listings for my show, and lots of the information found accompanying my shows is thanks to them. Whether I have used Setlist.FM to collect information for this particular show or not, they deserve so many thanks for all the help they have given me in the past.
Finally, the confusion regarding the legality of recording concerts is because of those who sell them. I do not condone selling freely-shared live music, and blame those who sell concerts for the lack of people recording and sharing content, as well as for the bad reputation society places upon those of us who do. Let it also be noted that any who sell this recording deserve nothing more than to have their own collection confiscated and shared freely with the masses. Please only degrade audio quality for personal use. Also, I ask that you keep this info file intact.
Mastered by Chickenwing on August 30, 2021.
Enjoy!