Collective Soul
Reno, NV
Silver Legacy Event Center
August 19, 2022

--

Lineage: Multiple IEM Receivers > Multitrack Recorder @ 24bit 44.1khz
Recorded by Hoserama

Mixed by hoserama
Dithered using Izotope MBIT+
Flac'ed using Trader's Little Helper
Mix version 20220824

--

01. Cut the Cord
02. Heavy
03. Precious Declarations
04. All Our Pieces
05. Shine
06. Undone
07. Better Now
08. Bob Dylan Where Are You Today
09. Compliment
10. She Falls Down in the Rain
11. The World I Know
12. Right as Rain
13. December
14. The One I Love
15. Gel
16. Where the River Flows
17. Run

--

Show Notes:
Only seen Collective Soul once before back in 2005, and enjoyed this show more. They're currently out on tour with Switchfoot, so their normal set is about 13 songs. Reno ended up being a one off with just them, and thankfully they filled out the setlist a bit more. Good energy thru the full show. If you're a CS fan, this is a nice gem of a recent show.

Recording Notes:
Excellent pull off the wireless monitors. Used 4 feeds for the matrix, but recorded more. The bass feed I used had some click track, which I was pretty much able to remove, but you might hear some faint remnants of it. Opted to focus on the wireless side of taping that night, so no audience recording in the mix. Still a decent amount of crowd noise in the IEM feeds, but let me know if anybody hears of a decent audience recording that could mix in. 

--

As always, encouraging people to get into taping and mixing. Just take the craft seriously and it will reward you many times over. There's no point in complaining about missing recordings or subpar quality if you're not contributing--pushing 1's and 0's around on the internet is no comparison for taping.

--

IEM recordings are not for everyone. If not they're not your thing, either sonically or ethically, well at least you didn't spend any money on this.

Similarly, I'm mixing primarily for my ears. This is what sounds best to me. This may not sound best to you. That's a fair statement. I'm open to honest criticism (although you should have caught me when I was working on the mix!), but pointless complaining is unappreciated (naturally). Let's play nice.

--

Please don't sell this recording in any way - no cash for blanks, 2:1s, or any other form of "getting paid for your time". Just share it freely.

Please don't convert to mp3, then back to wave, and then trade it around. This stuff is too easy to find on torrents now.

Feel free to remaster/remix this recording. Just keep it to your own computer and iPod.

Also, please don't torrent or share on other sites without at least dropping me a line and asking. I may want to just torrent/share it there myself. Especially sites like Guitars101, which is known for deleting sections of the info file (such as this paragraph).

Please ask (and wait for permission!) before putting it into any matrix + video production. If you ask nicely for a quality high-res video project, I will likely say “yes”. If you put it on YouTube or cell phone video production without asking, I will send my cats from hell to chew your computer cables.

--

Enjoy y'all!
