LDB Special Series #297

Out of my 7,000+ shows and radio broadcasts, I have many concerts that were special for some reasons: the setlist, the
musicians, the venue or unexpected events. These are the ones I'd like to propose you. Most of these come from my
cassettes collection, so they will be released at a slower pace than my Master Series! But you won't be disappointed!
I will try to gather the most unusual things I have in my collection and, as always, your feedback and comments will be my
reward for all the work involved in this project.

DO NOT share this music on mp3, just convert it for your own use. Sharing mp3's is the right way to make me stop sharing
music here.

Finally, some notes about your truly ldb: I have been a fan of live music since I was 9 years old (that is where
I attended my very first show, a PFM/De André gig at Milano's Palalido) and my first taped show was at 11 using
a crappy portable cassette player with embedded microphone. I become more serious about taping in 1983 when I
started to record every show. In 1991 I acquired my first Sony Professional and in 2000 I moved to MiniDisc to
finally settle on R-09 in early 2008.

I have seen nearly 500 shows in my career. Most of them were taped but for others bad luck struck and I could not
record it: on top of my mind there's a Paul McCartney show in 1993 in Milano where I was caught by the security or
Porcupine Tree in Roma in March 1999 when the DAT machine would seem to work but listening back to the tape there
would just be a long bunch of silence. Or during a Y.Malmsteen show where I got so annoyed that I left halfway
through the show and erased the tape and finally on a PFM show in Milano in 2007 where I had to leave before the
encore because the baby-sitter had to leave early that evening. Some other times I was very close not to tape or
had to do it in extremely difficult situations: for the four Peter Gabriel shows at Earls Court in 1987 security
was checking tapers with metal detector; at the David Gilmour comeback show in London in 2001 at RFH I had the
security guy sitting next to me but I managed to tape the show without checking one single time my MiniDisc!

There was a time I was travelling anywhere in Europe to see shows, especially if there was no touring in Italy: I
remember Rush in Paris in 1992 when the trio did not even know what Italy was. I have seen shows at stadiums
(Genesis at Wembley) and in places with 30 people (Porcupine Tree in Milano in 1997); bands that would later
become huge (Pearl Jam in a free show for 150 people) and masters of jazz (Miles Davis or Sarah Vaughan). Shows
I will never forget (Pink Floyd at Versailles castle) and some I would rather forget (no comment...).

I truly believe that live music is what keeps music alive, what make us enjoying it together, what allow us to
have deep feelings and transmit it to others. Studio records are nowadays 'commodities': you can buy online as
anonymous wav files and listen in your iPod or at home. Live music will always imply an effort to buy the tix,
travel to the venue, see the show, think about it when coming back home. 

RADIOHEAD
Paris, Palais des Omnisports de Paris Bercy
December 10, 1998

Amnesty International Benefit

01 lucky
02 karma police
03 exit music
04 talk show host
05 my iron lung
06 no surprises
07 fake plastic trees
08 bones
09 paranoid android
10 street spirit

TT 49:25

Lineage: FM broadcast > CD > EAC (FLAC plugin) 

Thom Yorke (lead vocals, guitar, piano)
Jonny Greenwood (lead guitar, keyboards)
Colin Greenwood (bass guitar, synthesisers)
Ed O'Brien (guitar, backing vocals)
Phil Selway (drums, percussions) 

this concert was held to celebrate the 50th anniversary of the human rights declaration. 
radiohead was the headlining band at this festival. because of various delays radiohead started more 
than an hour later than planned. the band seemed to enjoy playing for this big crowd concisting of 
many different nationalities, although it seemed that thom was a bit annoyed with the people who 
started to clap along during talk show host and my iron lung. he answered the clapping of the audience 
by clapping his own hands provocatively during both songs. this had the opposite effect; now more 
people started clapping with enthousiasm! street spirit was announced by thom as follows: "i know 
it'll probably gonna sound really corny, but this one is for everyone being mistreated by their 
government. that's for human rights. if anybody knows what it is. let's hope you don't get tired of 
hearing about it."
