Radiohead
Maple Leaf Gardens 
Toronto, Canada 
April 12, 1998


(unknown aud)


Disc 1:

01. airbag  
02. karma police  
03. the bends  
04. exit music  
05. climbing up the walls  
06. just  
07. subterranean homesick alien  
08. lucky  
09. my iron lung  
10. planet telex  
11. no surprises  
12. lurgee  
13. the trickster  
14. talk show host  
15. bones

Disc 2:

01. paranoid android  
02. street spirit  
03. how to disappear completely and never be found  
04. fake plastic trees  
05. pearly* 
06. the tourist

notes: the trickster was played again: "we get a lot of requests for this....but it's a real bastard to play".a bastard to play". About a minute into talk show host at the line 'floating upon the...', Thom fluffs the words up, and sits down at the front of the stage, while the band continue to play. They then restarted the song, and back at the same line again, Thom stops, hits the microphone stand goes "Shit! Does anyone know the fucking words? I sure as hell can't remember them!" The audience all helped him along, and they got to the end of the song, at which point possibly due to some crowd surfers he picks up his microphone stand, starts waving it at the crowd and ends up trashing it! The reason Thom got pissed and flipped someone off is because some asshole sprayed water all over everyone including Thom and his guitar.  Thom echoed the thoughts of many people with his nearly ten second middle finger thrust (as he and the band continued the song)The rest of the gig went really well, plus a performance of how to disappear... and someone lighting a firework sparkler during fake plastic trees and the guard took it and thom gave the person the finger and mouthed fuck you. Second encore listed as bulletproof and let down, but was not played. paranoid android: "this song is currently being dedicated every night to bill gates, the most paranoid man in the universe"[thanks Daniel, distance, Michelle, StuPiD, Steve and Max]

***NOT TO BE ENCODED AS MP3***