04-07-00: Großer Sendesaal des SFB, Berlin, Germany
Quality: A+ soundboard
From the "Revolves Around" Bootleg (100% .cue/.log rip thereof, although not by me)
Publisher: Luckytime
Reference :LTM025
Date :2002
Made In :
Quality :EX soundboard stereo
Booklet & packaging :
Total duration: 58:55

Tracks:
Disc 1
1) optimistic 
2) morning bell 
3) karma police 
4) the national anthem 
5) in limbo 
6) no surprises 
7) my iron lung 
8) dollars and cents 
9) bishop's robes 
10) talk show host 
11) kid a

Disc 2
1) you and whose army 
2) airbag 
3) lucky 
4) how to disappear completely 
5) paranoid android 
6) everything in its right place 
7) pyramid song 
8) exit music 
9) knives out 
10) nude (teased) / nice dream  

This is, perhaps, *the* Radiohead concert to end all Radiohead concerts: expertly played, professionally mixed, featuring a surprising smattering of 2000-era rarities (a teased "Nude!" A performance of "Nice Dream!" One of the "Kid As" from the tour), and generally all-around awesome. 

Most versions of this set come from a lineage described as "Source: Satellite (PRE-FM) > DAT >CD-R." Archived as SHNs, that version is the one predominantly available on the Radiohead hub, and was seeded here until recently. Here's the problem: it seems to have a lossy step somewhere, with the resultant shaky frequency response (and, for that matter, with AUCDTECT reporting MPEG on most tracks). 

A pal of mine reported that his version, which he owned on the ROIO "Revolves Around" (released by the "Luckytime" label in 2002) did not exhibit a lossy frequency response. He ripped the set for me...and he appears to be right. AUCDTect describes these tracks as 100% CDDA, and they lack the "swirly" high-end artifacts of the standard distribution. Also, the edits are slightly different; for example, there's more of the pre-show noise before "Optimistic."

Not to say that this disc is flawless. Most notably, the tracks have ugly, TAO-style gaps between them (as observed on Bootlegzone); unfortunately, there's some between-song audio missing in those gaps (in other words, you can't just do quick edits), and the EQ varies occasionally across cuts, leading me to wonder whether this represents a compilation of different sources. I debated whether to do some creating editing/patching from the other, lossy source or leave the set "as-is." 