Radiohead
2001-10-04 
Yokohama, Yokohama Arena
DAT Clone
Stonecutter Archives #007

Generation: DAT Clone
Equipment: Sony TCD-D100 + Sonic Studios DSM-6S
Taper: Hiroyuki Tanaka
DAT Tape: Maxell DM120 (16/48)
Transfer: DAT Master > Maxell DM120 (16/48) > Tascam DA-20 > COAX > M-Audio CO2 Converter > Optical > iMac > Adobe Audition (normalize to -0.1 db) > WAV
Transferred By: RyanJ (ryanj@reflectinginthechrome.com)

Setlist:
The National Anthem
Morning Bell
My Iron Lung
Karma Police
Knives Out - Permanent Daylight
Climbing Up The Walls
Fake Plastic Trees
Dollars And Cents
Airbag
Lurgee
I Might Be Wrong
Pyramid Song
Paranoid Android
Idioteque
Everything In Its Right Place
Lucky
Optimistic
You And Whose Army?
How To Disappear Completely
Encore Break
Street Spirit (Fade Out)
The Bends
Cinnamon Girl (Neil Young & Crazy Horse cover)

Notes:
This is #7 of the Stonecutter Archives. I was lucky enough to head to Stonecutter’s home in NY in April of 2017 where I met up to talk shop and go through some of his tapes. I took a boatload of tapes home to transfer and post here to DIME. My intention was to get through these all pretty quickly. Well… Life gets in the way and other things to where these have sat on my hard drive for almost 3 years. Now, there is no excuse while my schooling is on hold for the foreseeable future. I’ve got a bunch of tapes to post here and I hope these tapes will help someone out during this time just enjoy some good music. Stay safe everyone.

These are DAT clones from HT. This run of Radiohead shows sound super stellar and am so pumped to share these out. I transferred these at 16/48, their native recording bit/sampling. One note is that Knives Out is cut in the middle and starts into Permanent Daylight. All of HT’s DAT clones to Stonecutter have one of their songs cut at the end.. Usually the last 30 seconds or so. I believe this is to know if their recording was pressed to bootleg CDs and they could know who did sent them.

Also, I am looking for any Nine Inch Nails recordings that are not on the NIN Live archive over at ninlive.com. If anyone can help me out finding new sources, I would love to have them. Especially some European shows. Thank you.