Radiohead
2001-10-02 
Tokyo, Budokan
DAT Clone
Stonecutter Archives #005

Generation: DAT Clone
Equipment: Sony TCD-D100 + Sonic Studios DSM-6S
Taper: Hiroyuki Tanaka
DAT Tape: Maxell DM120 (16/48)
Transfer: DAT Master > Maxell DM120 (16/48) > Tascam DA-20 > COAX > M-Audio CO2 Converter > Optical > iMac > Adobe Audition (normalize to -0.1 db) > WAV
Transferred By: RyanJ (ryanj@reflectinginthechrome.com 

Setlist:
The National Anthem
Hunting Bears
Morning Bell (cut)
Airbag
Knives Out
In Limbo
Climbing Up The Walls
Exit Music (For a Film)
No Surprises
Dollars and Cents
Paranoid Android
Street Spirit (Fade Out)
I Might Be Wrong
Pyramid Song
My Iron Lung
Idioteque
Everything In Its Right Place
Encore Break
Like Spinning Plates
Pearly
You and Whose Army?
How To Disappear Completely
Encore Break II
True Love Waits
Lucky

Notes:
The 2nd run of Japanese shows from this taper, thanks to the Stonecutter archives. A DAT clone from the master DAT. The sound is just as superb as the previous night in Osaka. Again, there is one cut in this tape at the end of ‘Morning Bell.’ I have a feeling that the taper did this on purpose, as some tapers have done this so they know who they gave their tape to if they ever ended up pressed onto a silver CD. Just a guess. I can’t see how this happens otherwise.

I was lucky enough to head to Stonecutter’s home in NY in April of 2017 where I met up to talk shop and go through some of his tapes. I took a boatload of tapes home to transfer and post here to DIME. My intention was to get through these all pretty quickly. Well… Life gets in the way and other things to where these have sat on my hard drive for almost 3 years. Now, there is no excuse while my schooling is on hold for the foreseeable future. I’ve got a bunch of tapes to post here and I hope these tapes will help someone out during this time just enjoy some good music. Stay safe everyone.

These are DAT clones from HT. This run of Radiohead shows sound super stellar and am so pumped to share these out. I transferred these at 16/48, their native recording bit/sampling for archival purposes. Just as the master tape was recorded at. So you would have to convert this to 16/44 if you wanted to burn it to CD. I assume that most don’t put these on CDs anymore and you’d rather have what the taper intended. Enjoy the recording if you grab it! Some solid tapes here. More to come from this taper on their run! 

Also, I am looking for any Nine Inch Nails recordings that are not on the NIN Live archive over at ninlive.com. If anyone can help me out finding new sources, I would love to have them. Especially some European shows. Thank you.
