Radiohead
WTC Open Air Stadium, Osaka JPN
August 2, 2003

aud>??>CDR>EAC>WAV>FLAC (Level 8)

Disk 1: 50:31 12T
Disk 2: 44:55 8T

setlist:
01 there there
02 2+2=5
03 lucky
04 talk show host
05 scatterbrain
06 national anthem
07 i might be wrong
08 the gloaming
09 sail to the moon 
10 no surprises
11 go to sleep
12 where i end and you begin 
13 fake plastic trees 
14 paranoid android
15 idioteque
16 everything in its right place

encore: 
17 my iron lung
18 sit down. stand up 
19 street spirit


Review by Patrick:
Radiohead @ Summersonic 2003: WTC Open Air Stadium, Osaka, Japan by Patrick Boyle 
Taking in Radiohead in Osaka may have cost me 1/6th of the stash of Yen that was supposed to last me a month, but it was worth every bit. Part of the gigantic Summersonic 2003 festival, the show was the culminating point of a day of fun in the sun and excellent music.
If you've ever been to Japan, you'll be able to appreciate that it gets very hot and very humid, especially on this time of the year. Saturday was no exception, so when Thom and the boys burst onto the stage and launched into "There, There", the huge crowd was already drenched in sweat and ready. 
(I'm not sure about official numbers, but I've heard estimates as high as 500000. That seems impossible to me - I would say more in the neighbourhood of 10000, but I might be wrong...)
I've been a fan of Radiohead since the very early days, but this was my first chance to catch them in concert. As I'm sure anyone who has seen them can appreciate, it was everything I had hoped for and much, much more.
A few songs in, the stage banter began. It was difficult to make out, but the first thing Thom said sounded a lot like "Ii tenki desu ne?" ("Good weather, isn't it?") in Japanese. When the crowd cheered in approval, he continued, "Tokyo hopes so too."
As expected, the band played a phenomenal and solid set, balancing a full complement of new songs with an appropriately large selection from pre-HTTT albums. Personal favourites included Lucky, Fake Plastic Trees, Idioteque, and, during a reasonably lengthy encore, My Iron Lung.
Thom was fairly active throughout the concert. Occasionally, he would say "domo" (thanks) after a song, and the crowd would go nuts! At one point, after he had treated the crowd to one of his trademarked fits of hysterical dancing, I heard multiple shouts in broken English requesting: "Thom, please more dance!" Near the end, during Idioteque and Everything in its Right Place, he moved to the front of the massive stage and dashed from side to side, gesturing to the crowd as he passed.
By all accounts, it was a fantastic experience. Afterwards, I heard a few discontented murmurs about the lack of "Karma Police"; personally, I was hoping to hear "True Love Waits", but it's hard to complain about such a phenomenal show. From the perfectly executed hails of guitar to the sublime musical beauty, this concert was a fantastic musical experience.
Hail to the Thief, indeed!

Review by Radioweb:
Summersonic is basically a full-on rock festival, and it's held in a pretty bizarre location, on one of the man-made islands in Osaka bay. The island is all skyscrapers and venues. One of those modern places where everything is smooth and huge. The festival was spread across three locations; the main outdoor stage, one indoor hall about 5 mins away, then another huge indoor centre another five minutes away which had two stages and a food/chill-out zone. In between these three places was just normal streets, kind of wierd. Lots of people were just sleeping on the floor infornt of huge bank offices, and locals were selling beers on the street. It was a scorcher, must have been about 35degrees during the day. I spent most of the day at the indoor stages, and eating and watching DJs and the skate ramp in the chill-out area. Most of the music was pretty predictable. Lots of heavy guitars and loud-quiet-loud songs. Or quiet-loud-quiet-loud. Uninspiring stuff. As the sun started to go down we headed for the huge outdoor stage. The final three bands were The Stereophonics, The Strokes, and Radiohead. Actually The Stereophonics weren't bad. They did a lot of acoustic stuff, but the lead singer (whatever his name is) had the look of a man in the middle of a rock star drug crisis. He looked terrible. The Strokes were much better, and the singer was a joker. His japanese was pretty good. He even sang a song in Japanese at one point. The band were tight, but they only played for 45mins of so. Radiohead came on at 8:20 and played until 10pm! The crowd was buzzing and when the band came on Thom Yorke sang "konbanwa"(good evening) into the mic, then the drums for There There kicked in. Quite simply, they are a different class, they put every band we'd seen that day to shame. Firstly, of course, the songs are great. While everyone else seems trapped by their ideas of genre, or songs, RH just do what the they want. Each song is like a life, and before you know it the've played 20 of them and it's all over. Also, they play with so much conviction! When Jonny does the piano part on Lucky, where it sounds like a choir singing, he's only playing a very simple series of notes, and he's done it thousands of times, but he pumps his head and his his body shakes like he's in the middle of a guitar solo putting everything he can into every note. It's like the way Thom dances, like a complete nutter, but you know he's just doing exactly what he wants, it should be embarrasing, but instead it's uplifting. I read an article in Mojo about them, it said Thom Yorke was the only man alive who could sing a song about his new born don saving the world (sail to the moon) without it beeing cheesy enough to make you puke. I think it's because when he sings the slow songs he doesn't put on some stupid ballad voice, he sings "immerse your soul in love" as if they are the last bitter words of a man infront of a firing squad. When other poeple sing lyrics like that it just never comes off. His Japanese was pretty good all the way through. He said "Domo" (thanks) after most songs, "Ii tenki des ne" (nice weather huh), and towards the end "Watashi mo soro soro" (I'm getting tired too). It was so hot he was almost hyperventilating, between songs he'd put the mic up to his mouth as he desperately tried to catch his breath... it was kind of a running joke. The set was pretty mixed, lots of new stuff and lots of classics. The crowd were really into the new songs though, and the biggest cheer was probably for Everything In It's Right Place. My favourites of the night were Idioteque, Go To Sleep (which was really up-beat), and My Iron Lung. The National Anthem was awesome, and they went straight through from that into I Might Be Wrong without the music stopping. By the end I was awed and aching, and it was time for another slow trudge to the station, and a packed train home. But ir was all smiles. Seemed to me Radiohead had blown away the whole crowd. 
