Radiohead 
Greek Theater 
Berkeley, CA 
April 18, 2017 

-- 

Source 1: 
Multiple Wireless Sources > Multitrack Recorder 
Taper: Hoserama 

Source 2: 
Schoeps mk4 > Actives > B-Box > Sony M10 
Taper: TheMan 

Mixed, Produced, and Mastered by Sharebear/Hoserama 
Aligned in Adobe Audition 
Mixed in Nuendo 4, using extra waves, Ozone, Slate plug-ins 
Dithered using Izotope MBIT+ 
Flac'ed using Trader's Little Helper 
Mix version 4 

-- 

01. Daydreaming	
02. Desert Island Disk	
03. Ful Stop	
04. 15 Step	
05. Airbag
06. Climbing Up The Walls
07. Separator
08. Videotape 
09. Pyramid Song
10. Street Spirit
11. Where I End and You Begin
12. Identikit 
13. Arpeggi
14. The National Anthem
15. The Numbers
16. There There 
17. How to Disappear Completely
18. Encore 
19. Give Up The Ghost
20. Feral
21. Paranoid Android
22. The Present Tense
23. House of Cards
24. Encore 
25. Bloom
26. Nude
27. Karma Police

Bonus: 6/24/2006 Berkeley, CA (Soundcheck) - 70 minutes
01. Guitar Warm-Up
02. Come To Your Senses Warm-Up
03. Come To Your Senses
04. Come To Your Senses
05. Bodysnatchers
06. Bodysnatchers
07. Bodysnatchers
08. All I Need
09. All I Need
10. Go Slowly
11. The Gloaming
12. 15 Steps
13. 15 Setps
14. The Tourist
15. Airbag
16. Idioteque Goof

--

Show notes:
Fun show, great compliment to the night before. Most folks I know say the Berkeley 1-2 punch was best shows of the 2017 run. 

Recording notes:
Matrix of my wireless sources and an excellent AUD from the "seated" section. Did a fair amount of clean-up for nearby crowd noise. I tend to like more of a cleaner soundboard sound, so if you like audience heavy mix then check out the direct audience recordings. Mix has a fair amount of my bag of tricks running, but some elements of the mix are difficult to control. All and all, it's a pretty solid and balanced mix. 

-- 

Bonus notes:
Included is the complete soundcheck from 6/24/2006 Berkeley. Fun soundcheck from another great Radiohead show at the Greek Theater. This soundcheck is notable as the band plays the never released demo "Come to Your Senses". Thom talks about having just written the lyrics for it, and the do a bit of work on it. In general, Radiohead soundchecks tend to be a lot of fun. Thom is always joking around, and his clowning about chewing gum on stage at the beginning is a laugh. 

This recording has a bit of infamy online. Initially I posted the the transcribed lyrics on the now-deceased Atease Radiohead message board. When I was laughed at and called a hoax (among other names), I tossed up a short clip to provide proof. When I didn't immediately provide a full recording, out came every mean insult in the book. I typically hold some recordings back as trade bait, but this was beyond many of the Atease fans. If I had taken a shot for everytime somebody on the board called me a douche, I could have drank an entire distillery. 

With the demise of Atease, let's all lift a glass and take a drink in the memory of the snarky insulting Radiohead fans. You finally get the recording (for free!). It might have taken 12 years, but the recording is is being set free. 

It's a pretty decent recording, but the mixes + recording gear have improved over the years. So it's not as clean as the 2017. There is occasional static noise, but not too bad. 

Enjoy!

--

As always, I give a friendly encouragement to people to get into taping and mixing. Just take the craft seriously and it will reward you many times over. 

-- 

Wireless recordings are not for everyone. If not they're not your thing, either sonically or ethically, there's excellent alternative recording out there. 

Similarly, I'm mixing primarily for my ears. This is what sounds best to me. This may not sound best to you. That's a fair statement. I'm open to honest criticism (although you should have caught me when I was working on the mix!), but pointless complaining is unappreciated (naturally). Let's play nice. 

-- 

Please don't sell this recording in any way - no cash for blanks, 2:1s, or any other form of "getting paid for your time". Just share it freely. 

Please don't convert to mp3, then back to wave, and then trade it around. This stuff is too easy to find on torrents now. 

Please do not attempt to remaster/remix this recording and spread it around. This has been heavily processed, and if you want to do your own mix, go get the wireless recordings (good luck) and do it yourself from scratch. 

Also, please don't torrent or post on other sites without at least dropping me a line and asking. I may want to just torrent it there myself. Please ask (and wait for permission!) before putting it into any matrix + video. If you ask nicely, I will likely say “yes”. 

-- 

Enjoy y'all! 
- Hoserama/Sharebear

