Radiohead
June 17, 2006
Manchester, TN @ Bonnaroo Music Fest - What Stage
SBD > two track master WAV > Paul Phipps mastering > FLAC

00. Intro
01. There There
02. 2+2=5
03. 15 Step
04. Weird Fishes/Arpeggi
05. Exit Music (For A Film)
06. Kid A
07. Dollars & Cents
08. Videotape
09. No Surprises
10. Paranoid Android
11. The Gloaming
12. The National Anthem
13. Climbing Up The Walls
14. Nude
15. Street Spirit (Fade Out)
16. The Bends
17. Myxomatosis
18. How To Disappear Completely
Encore:
19. You And Whose Army?
20. Pyramid Song
21. Like Spinning Plates
22. Fake Plastic Trees
23. Bodysnatchers
24. Lucky
25. Idioteque
26. Karma Police
Encore 2:
27. House Of Cards
28. Everything In Its Right Place

Notes:
Originally posted in MP3 format at http://radioheadbonnaroo.com/ in 2012.

Original notes by Paul Phipps:
This performance was epic.

Already known as one of the best live bands of all time, Radiohead did us all a favor by putting on a live show for the ages in Tennessee, USA of all places.

Bonnaroo has had its share of amazing acts. From Bruce Springsteen to Eminem, it's never had to look hard for a top notch act. The other bands on the bill in 2006 were:

Tom Petty & the Heartbreakers, Phil Lesh & Friends, Elvis Costello & the Imposters feat. Allen Toussaint, Beck, Oysterhead, Bonnie Raitt, Death Cab for Cutie, moe., Bright Eyes, The Neville Brothers, Béla Fleck & the Flecktones (the original line-up), Cypress Hill, Buddy Guy, Damian 'Jr. Gong' Marley, Ben Folds, Common, Dr. John, Sonic Youth, Les Claypool, G. Love & Special Sauce and many more.

It's hard to believe this was over 5 years ago, but a friend of mine was running sound that night. He snagged the 2-track master from the board and handed the raw WAV over to me. I felt like I scored the mix of a lifetime. I've spent twenty years behind mixing consoles and mastering is one of my fortes, so I couldn't wait to pull the best out of this one.

After two months of wrangling, I finally came up with a mix that I loved. Everything is crystal clear. I have heard every "official" Radiohead live release and none of them sound this clear. After 5 years of keeping this to myself, I had a talk with my friend -- and he gave me to the OK to go ahead and release this to the public on the 5th anniversary of this awesome show. Of course, they could tell me to take it down any moment, so I would download the files below as soon as possible.

Then, listen to it over and over and over.

I really tried to focus the attention on the individuals, breaking it apart so you can hear everyone. The show improves as it goes -- with the first couple songs being a bit rough -- they settle in and the last 10 songs are completely spot on and wonderful. Because it's straight from the board, you get to hear the band without all that damn crowd noise. :)

The arrangement to Bodysnatchers is a bit different from the album version. You can tell they were still working on it.

You will hear every little detail, like you were running sound. This is the best Radiohead live recording you will ever hear. Quality. Performance. It's all here. I love Radiohead. They truly have made my life better simply by playing musical instruments.

My personal favorite from this show is Videotape. I like this version over the album version so much more. So passionate. Just amazing.

This website will not need to exist for long, because as soon as I post these songs, they will spread across the internet and then I can take them down and give my server a rest. If you have reached here and the songs are no longer available for download, please accept my apologies, but rest assured it is out there somewhere.

Download Radiohead at Bonnaroo 2006 below, straight from the board, mastered by Paul Phipps.