Radiohead
Lands End Stage
Outside Lands Music Festival
San Francisco, Ca
August 6, 2016 

Recorded by Daspyknows 
Dead Center right in front of soundboard

Schoeps MK41/NBox Platinum Tascam DR-2D 24 Bit 48K 


Processed using Soundforge 11, resample, to 16bit 44.1K 
TLH to convert to Flac 


Master 2016.47

01. Burn the Witch
02. Daydreaming
03. Ful Stop
04. 2 + 2 = 5
05. Bodysnatchers
06. Climbing Up the Walls
07. Exit Music (for a Film)
08. Bloom
09. Lotus Flower
10. Pyramid Song
11. Identikit
12. The Numbers
13. The Gloaming
14. Weird Fishes
15. Arpeggi
16. Everything in Its Right Place
17. Idioteque
18. Play Video
19. There There
20. Crowd
Encore:
21. Let Down
22. Present Tense
23. Nude
24. Paranoid Android
25. Karma Police



Day 2 of Outside Lands:  I got up early Saturday and got food, clothes and my gear
together.  I then woke my friend up who is not a morning person.  He came out from
NY for Radiohead and wanted a good spot and wanted a good recording so he got ready 
and we were in the car by 9:30.  I dropped him off at the park entrance to get on
line and I searched for parking.  After 15 minutes I finally found an spot and packed 
up and made my way to the park.  Passed through the first set of wands an found my
friend who was about 30 people from the front.  When the doors opened I got my gear
through security quickly and made my way to the Lands End Stage and was got the same 
spot as the first night. I put down a larger blanket expecting others to join us with
the hope of an offensive line around me.  The first artist was Lewis Del Mar from 
Queens NY.  Although I was unfamilar with the artist I liked most of the set.  They
were followed by two Britsh bands.  The Wombats and Years & Years.  I preferred The 
Wombats but both were decent.  During The Wombats a photographer stepped in behind me 
and set up. He seemed OK and we had plenty of room so it was no big deal.  He had no
idea I was recording.  Once Years and Years ended I got out of there to do the bathroom
run.  The fourth artist was a hip hop collaboration called Big Grams that I had no
interest in hearing.  Not my thing.  I figured I could wander a bit and skip the set.
As I was leaving I ran into a friend and client who was heading in to see this act.  We
chatted a bit then I waited at the blue boxes for 20 minutes.  After surviving that
experience I wandered a bit and found anything I wanted to check out had a line and the 
food lines were not worth the wait since I brought food.  By then the music had started
so I started fighting the crowd back.  I started the gear and recorded as I was walking.  
The first song or two is rough as I navigated the crowd but made it back and recorded 
most of the set.  For me the best part was the end although others enjoyed it alot. 
During the break I was talking to the photographer who was there working for a magazine
and let him know I was recording.  He was skepical and had lots of questions.  I told him 
I'd send a link afterwards. He emailed me after listening and was quite amazing at the
recording.  By the time Air started everyone had arrived and I had my own bubble where
it wasn't loud and crowded. Air was quite good but the sense was it was just something 
to pass the time until Radiohead.  At this point there was no getting in or out.  One
of the guys who was a friend of a friend was in front of me and said he had to get rid
of the beer he drank.  He didn't leave and kept threatening to use his water bottle.  
After a few songs he left never to return.  Radiohead put on a great set, the sound was 
good and the lighting was fun too.  Everything went smoothly and once the set ended we
navigating the crowd out.  We had 3 day passes but between a sore back, a lack of interest
in day 3 and an early work day Monday we discussed selling our wristbands.  A friend
was recording 2 of the 3 bands I was planning on so when we got a decent offer we sold
them and headed home.  All in all a very successful day and I got really nice recording
of the one band I wanted.  Enjoy.   





Just the basic taper requests here and please no vitriol: 
Don't be an ass by selling this or using it in a video that is sold 
Don't modify the info file 
Don't remaster and/or post on other sites that are not 100% free 
If shared keep info file intact but create a second file with any changes 
Don't convert to lossy formats except for personal use 
Do support the artists 