Radiohead 
Greek Theater 
Berkeley, CA 
April 17, 2017 

--

Source 1:
Multiple Wireless Sources > Multitrack Recorder
Taper: Hoserama

Source 2:
Schoeps mk4 > Actives > B-Box > Sony M10
Taper: TheMan

Mixed, Produced, and Mastered by Sharebear/Hoserama 
Aligned in Adobe Audition 
Mixed in Nuendo 4, using extra waves, Ozone, Slate plug-ins 
Dithered using Izotope MBIT+ 
Flac'ed using Trader's Little Helper 
Mix version 4

--

01. Daydreaming	
02. Desert Island Disk	
03. Ful Stop	
04. 15 Step	
05. Myxomatosis 
06. Lucky 
07. Good Morning Mr. Magpie 
08. Exit Music 
09. All I Need 
10. Everything In Its Right Place 
11. Bloom 
12. Identikit 
13. My Iron Lung 
14. The Gloaming 
15. I Might Be Wrong 
16. The Numbers 
17. Reckoner 
18. Encore
19. No Surprises 
20. Burn The Witch 
21. Lotus Flower 
22. Fake Plastic Trees
23. The Tourist 
24. Encore
25. You and Whose Army? 
26. Bodysnatchers 
27. Idioteque

--

Show Notes:
Setlist is a bit on the mellow side, but reported to be one of the best shows of 2017 by many. Rainy for much of the afternoon, but the rain broke for a majority of the show. Beautiful venue for a show, reminded me of the great shows at the Greek in 2006. 

Recording Notes:
Matrix of my wireless sources and an excellent AUD from front row of the "seated" section. Daspy's audience source was a more direct sounding aud, but this aud mixed better for my purposes. Did a fair amount of clean-up for nearby crowd noise. I tend to like more of a cleaner soundboard sound, so if you like audience heavy mix then check out Daspyknow's excellent audience recording. Mix has a fair amount of my bag of tricks running, but some elements of the mix are difficult to control. All and all, it's a pretty solid and balanced mix. 

-- 

As always, I give a friendly encouragement to people to get into taping and mixing. Just take the craft seriously and it will reward you many times over. 

-- 

Wireless recordings are not for everyone. If not they're not your thing, either sonically or ethically, there's excellent alternative recording out there. 

Similarly, I'm mixing primarily for my ears. This is what sounds best to me. This may not sound best to you. That's a fair statement. I'm open to honest criticism (although you should have caught me when I was working on the mix!), but pointless complaining is unappreciated (naturally). Let's play nice. 

-- 

Please don't sell this recording in any way - no cash for blanks, 2:1s, or any other form of "getting paid for your time". Just share it freely. 

Please don't convert to mp3, then back to wave, and then trade it around. This stuff is too easy to find on torrents now. 

Please do not attempt to remaster/remix this recording and spread it around. This has been heavily processed, and if you want to do your own mix, go get the wireless recordings (good luck) and do it yourself from scratch. 

Also, please don't torrent or post on other sites without at least dropping me a line and asking. I may want to just torrent it there myself. Please ask (and wait for permission!) before putting it into any matrix + video. If you ask nicely, I will likely say “yes”. 

-- 

Enjoy y'all! 
- Hoserama/Sharebear