Radiohead 
Hail To The Thief
Leaked Demo Mix

1. 2+2 = 5
   it doesn't feature Thom's spoken words in the intro. It also misses some overdubs 
   in the final section

2. Sit Down Stand Up
   the drum beats enter much later than in the released version

3. Sail To The Moon
   This version is almost identical to the released version, but features a slightly 
   different, longer ending

4. Backdrifts
   This version is almost identical to the released version, but features a slightly 
   different, longer ending

5. Go To Sleep
   This version is almost identical to the released version, but features a longer 
   ending by fading out later

6. Where I End And You Begin
   This version is almost identical to the released version. The main difference is 
   a missing guitar overdub before the "I will eat you alive" section

7. We Suck Young Blood
   features reverb on the vocals, which are 'dry' in the released version

8. The Gloaming
   This version showcases the original structure, including an extra verse that was removed
   from the final recording. 

9. There There
   It is apparently the only leaked mix that is identical to the released version

10. I Will 
    features an extended intro and a clean outro (no crossfade into 'A Punch-up At A Wedding'). 
    Unlike the final version, there's a lot of reverb on the vocals at this point

11. A Punch-Up At A Wedding
    This version has a clean intro (no crossfade from 'I Will') and features some very rough edits, 
    made in order to reduce the length of the track. Most noticably, the final chorus was shortened 
    considerably. Considering the careless execution of these edits, this is probably just a quick 
    test to see whether such an edit would work at all

12. Myxomatosis
    This version is similar to the released version, with the main difference being that the 
    keyboards are not as present in the mix. Unlike in the final mix they also wander across 
    the stereo spectrum.

13. Scatterbrain
    virtually identical to the finished mix

14. A Wolf At The Door
    This version misses Thom's second vocal overdub in the choruses and some guitar overdubs, 
    especially in the instrumental section following the first chorus