1974 BUILD A LADDER TO THE STARS

(Pink Panther Records)

Co-produced by Detective Inspector Jacques Clouseau, President Vladimir Putin, 
President Donald Trump & British Foreign Secretary, the Right Honourable Boris Johnson.

Mastered at Lubyanka Sound Studios, KGB Headquarters, Moscow.

Another absolutely brilliant production from Jacques, Vladimir, The Donald, Boris 
and the death metal specialists at Lubyanka.

Tour '74 is a much misunderstood part of Dylan's live performance canon.
The early concerts are quite different to the later ones which formed Before The Flood.

There have been various great compilations of Tour '74 in the past, 
most notably the silver boot Phantoms Of My Youth (Capricorn) and 
Bob Meyer's amazing Nineteen74 from 1981, a "best of" from his exhaustive, and at the time definitive, "1974 Project".

However, since then, many pristine complete soundboards (& bits of soundboards) have emerged, 
along with great audience tapes from Chicago and Hollywood. This new compilation reflects this.

One of the great surprises is the performance & sound quality of The Band songs, which are also included here.

Sound quality here is generally very good to excellent, but some tracks only exist in fair to poor sound.
Unfortunately, the first three tracks from Chicago are in poor sound - 
if you don't like these completist tracks, use the "skip" button.

Hope you enjoy it. You might be pleasantly surprised.

***

All from best available FLAC sources, except for some WV tracks 
which have been converted from mp3 streaming sources to FLAC and are therefore lossy.

FLAC (x)


***

Lies, damn lies & statistics:

All the songs performed by Dylan & The Band on Tour'74.

20 of a total of 41 concerts represented here.

86 tracks.

59 different songs.

1 Bob.

***

Howard Sounes

The subsequent Dylan-Band tour – Tour '74, as it was called – was the first major stadium tour of the rock era. 
Dylan and The Band played 40 shows, in the biggest theaters and sports stadiums across the country, over six weeks. 
They traveled between concerts in a private jet, Starship 1. 
David Geffen promoted the tour in associ-ation with impresario Bill Graham, who handled logistics. 
The artists made the major decisions about the musical format of the shows, the staging, and the length of the tour, and also received most of the profits. 
This was an innovation, as was the extravagant level of hype for the tour. 
“This event is the biggest thing of its kind in the history of show business,” David Geffen bragged to the press. 
Ticket prices were high for 1974, at an average of $8. 
Part of the hype created by the promoters was that more than seven percent of the US population applied for tickets. 
The truth was that some shows sold faster than others, and tickets could be had even at the last minute. 
However, all 658,000 tickets were eventually sold, generating a gross of approximately $5 million.

***

Dylan / Cameron Crowe, 1985

Dylan’s first coast-to-coast US tour was announced. The seats sold out in hours but the event brought on board a number of new questions. 
What would Dylan be like? Could he match the intensity of his early days in huge arenas? Would he mean as much? 

The questions were dispensed with in short order. Dylan appeared at full strength, with an adrenalin-charged voice and powerful backing from The Band. 
The concerts were cheered like victory parties. Remembers Robbie Robertson, “We were hoping to do an extremely different type of show. 
But we rehearsed and eventually settled on a show that wasn’t dissimilar from out last tours (in 1965 and 1966). 
But this time when we played, everybody loved us. I don’t know if we needed it but it was kind of a relief.”

All the while, Dylan had some problems with the myth-making proportions of the tour. 
“I think I was just playing a role in that tour,” he said, “I was playing Bob Dylan and The Band was playing The Band. It was all sort of mindless. 
The people that came out to see us came mostlt to see what they missed the first time around. It was just more of a “legendary” kind of thing. 
They’ve heard about it, they’ve bought the records, whatever, but what they saw didn’t give any clue to what was. 
What they saw you could compare to early Elvis and later Elvis, really. Because it wasn’t quite the same, when we needed that acceptance, it wasn’t there. 
By this time, it didn’t matter. Time had proven them all wrong. We were cleaning up but it was an emotionless trip.”

“Rock ‘n’ roll had become a highly extravagant enterprise. T-shirts, concert booklets, lighting shows, costume changes, glitter and glamour – 
it was just a big show, a big circus except there weren’t any elephants. 
Nothing really exceptional, just sound and lights, sound and lights and more sound and lights. That’s what it had become and that’s what it still is. 
It is like those guys who watched the H-bomb explode on Bikini Island and then turn to each other and say, “Beautiful man, just incredibly beautiful.” 
That’s what this whole scene has become. The only thing that people talked about was energy this, energy that. 
The highest compliments were things like “Wow, lotta energy man.” It had become absurd. 
The bigger and louder something was, the more energy it was supposed to have. 
You know, like knock me out, drive me to the wall, kick my brains in, blow me up, whip me till it hurts, that’s what people were accepting as heavy energy. 
Actually, it  was just big industry moving in on the music. 
Like the armaments manufacturers selling weapons to both sides in a war, inventing bigger and better things to take your head off while behind your back, 
there’s a few people laughing and getting rich off your vanity.”

“Have you ever seen a slaughter-house where they bring in a herd of cattle? 
They round them all up, put them all in one area, pacify ‘m and slaughter them – big business, brings in lots of bucks, heavy energy. 
It always reminds me of that. The greatest praise we got on that tour was “incredible energy, man”. It would make me want to puke. 
The scene had changed somewhat when we stepped into that picture. We were expected to produce a show that lived up to everybody’s expectations. And we did. 
It was utterly profound.”

“What they saw wasn’t really what they would have seen in 1966 or 1965. If they had seen that, that was mush more demanding. 
That was a much more demanding show. People didn’t know what it was at that point. 
When people don’t know what something is, they don’t understand it and they start to get, you know, weird and defensive. 
Nothing is predictable and you’re always out on the edge. Anything can happen. I always had those songs though and so I always figured everything was alright.”

***

Nigel Williamson

“Well, it wasn’t planned. I saw daylight. I took off – the songs I’m singing mean as much to the people as to me, so it’s just up to me to perform the best I can.”, 
Bob Dylan, Montreal, 1974.

The statistics of Dylan’s first tour since 1966 make impressive reading. 
Travelling on a private jet named Starship one and starting on 3 January 1974, he played 40 dates in 21 cities over a 42 day period. 
Excitement was heightened when Geffen hit on the then-unique idea of making tickets available only through mail order. 
Crowds materialised ap post offices all over America at midnight on 2 December 1973, the earliest postmark accepted on ticket applications.

The response was even greater than Geffen had predicted, with an estimated five and a half million applications received for the 651,000 tickets – sent in, 
Geffen proudly poasted, by nearly 4% of the entire US population. 
With a top ticket price of $9.50, some $92 million was received, and, with such over-subscription, scalpers were able to charge upwards of $100 per ticket. 
The demand raised a burden of expectation that Dylan found daunting. In the years away from the stage, he had grown shy and diffident. 
In his occasional appearances, such as the Isle of Wight festival, he had appeared awkward in the spotlight. 
As Clinton Heylin puts it, “the confidence of youth had been replaced by a self-consciousness that he now needed to overcome.”

When Dylan and The Band arrived in Chicago for the first date, Levon Helm admits they were “very unready”. 
Yet Dylan rose to the occasion and received what Rolling Stone described as “a hero’s welcome”. 
Where they had booed in 1965 and 1966, they now cheered. Robertson found “something kind of hypocritical in it”. 
But eight years is a long time in rock ‘n’ roll and many of the audience had been too young to see him the last time he had toured. 
“The people that came out to see us came mostlt to see what they’d missed first time around,” Dylan said.

Dylan found himself strong and exhilarated. “The voice was reminiscent of Highway 61 Revisited, the transitional rock voice, with less of the harshness, 
more of the confidence,” Ben Fong-Torres wrote of the opening night in Rolling Stone. 
As the tour went on, some of the harseness returned to his voice along with a raucous theatricality 
that was perhaps an inevitable consequence of playing large stadia every night. 
Dylan later said he felt they had sacrificed sensitivity for “full-out power”.

The shows also grew more nostalgic in tone. As Dylan admitted, “It’s a very fine line you have to walk to stay in touch with something once you’ve created it.” 
Many of the songs from Planet Waves were dropped in favour of older material and by the end of the tour in Los Angeles on 14 February 1974, 
only Forever Young remained. One of the nightly highlights was Its Alright Ma (I’m Only Bleeding), during the acoustic segment, with its prophetic line 
“even the president of the United States sometimes must have to stand naked” given new meaning by Nixon’s embroilment in the Watergate scandal.

It was greeted by thousands holding matches and cigarette lighters aloft, a gesture that was to become a familiar ritual at rock concerts. 
Dylan’s 1974 tour is the first recorded instance of it, nd a photograph of the flickering flames adorned the cover of the subsequent live album, 
Before The Flood. Another highlight came in the electric set, when All Along The Watchtower was turned into a tribute to Jimi Hendrix’s explosive version.

Off stage, groupies were in abundance. The Band’s Richard Manuel made the road crew take polariod photos of the available women and then selected the best-looking. 
Dylan fell for Ellen Bernstein, a 24-year-old Columbia executive working in the label’s San Franciisco office. 
Sara clearly feared the worst and turned up unannounced halfway through the tour in Houston to reclaim her husband, 
attending the final end-of-tour party on his arm. Dylan seemed relieved simply to have got through it. 
“From the first moment I walked onstage at the opening concert, I knew that going through with the tour would be the hardest thing I had ever done,” he said, 
“The problem was that everyone had his own idea of what the tour was about. Everybody had a piece of the action. I had no control over what was going on.”

Yet he felt they had delivered, “We were expected to produce a show that lived up to everybody’s expectations, and we did.” 

***

Paul Williams

"Well, it wasn't planned. I saw daylight; I took off." Dylan, January 1974

Dylan and The Band performed 40 concerts in 43 days in January and February 1974. 
Their itinerary ran through 21 cities in the United States and Canada, starting in Chicago and ending in Los Angeles. 
After trying out a number of different songs and switching things around somewhat in the first few shows, Dylan let the concerts settle into a fairly fixed format. 
The typical show featured 18 Dylan performances (13 backed by The Band, five Dylan solo on acoustic guitar), plus ten songs by The Band alone.

In June 1974, Dylan released Before The Flood, the first live album of his career. 
It includes three acoustic performances by Dylan; ten songs by Dylan with The Band; and eight by The Band alone. 
The resulting two-record album is an excellent representa¬tion of the tour, given the time limits of an LP record. 
Still, one misses the songs that were left out. And although the Band's songs are first-rate, and their inclusion here appropriate, 
they do not sustain this listener's interest the way the Dylan / Band and Dylan solo performances do. 
The ideal Before The Flood, for me, would be four sides of Dylan (with The Band songs on a separate album).

The performances on Before The Flood are from the last three concerts of the tour, in Los Angeles, 14 February 1974, 
except for Knockin' On Heaven's Door (New York 30 January 1974) and Highway 61 Revisited (Seattle 9 February 1974). 
The recording quality is excellent – generally speaking the sound on the album is probably better than it was in most parts of the indoor sports arenas 
(typically seating 14,000 to 15,000 people) where these concerts were held. 
There is a lot to be said for the excitement and immediacy of being present at a concert; but if you end up, as I did at the one show I attended, 
in the distant recesses of a large stadium, your inability to see anything or to hear the music clearly tends to diminish the experience.

(I admit I was intimidated by the much-publicized information that five million paid mail orders were sent in for the 650,000 seats actually available on the tour, 
making this the biggest event and most sought-after ticket thus far in rock ‘n’ roll history. 
So I accepted my poor seats with gratitude and never thought of trying to see another show. 
But I learned something about commitment and trust from my friend Heckel, who flew in from Tokyo with no concert tickets 
and managed to attend all five of the New York area shows, often in very good seats, buying his tickets from scalpers at little more than face value 
five or ten minutes after each show began. And here I was not even willing to go from Manhattan to Long Island unless I already had a ticket in my hand! 
What we get from the music depends on what we are willing to put into it, no question about it.)

The producer who put together Biograph, Jeff Rosen, astutely chose the two most electrifying tracks from Before The Flood to represent Tour '74 – 
Most Likely You Go Your Way (And I’ll Go Mine) and All Along The Watchtower. 
Ironically, while these fierce, biting, totally en¬gaging performances are playing on the stereo, the listener can read Dylan in the Biograph booklet saying, 
"I think I was just playing a role on that tour. It was all sort of mindless. We were cleaning up but it was an emotionless trip. 
The greatest praise we got on that tour was “incredible energy, man,” it would make me want to puke."

In the context of the longer tirade these comments are culled from, it is clear that what Dylan is remembering is his own discomfort and dissatisfaction 
at being hemmed in by the expectations of his audience. That, of course, was one of the things that kept him off the road for so long – 
he was waiting for expectations to fall, for the hysteria to be muted by the passage of time, so he could just go out and be an ordinary performer again. 
Instead, no mat¬ter how long he stayed away and how many disappointing albums he released, his legend and the expectations directed at him kept growing.

Finally he resolved the situation by leading with his chin, throwing himself aggressively (and courageously) back into the arena. 
On Before The Flood, and on the tapes of the 1974 tour, Dylan is in a sense singing and performing in a straightjacket, 
and it is the brilliance with which he adapts to the situation, his success at putting forward his music and his feelings in spite of all obstacles, 
that gives these performances their power. "Incredible energy," indeed – it took a lot of inner strength for Dylan to play the role of "Bob Dylan" in 1974 
and still be true to his present-moment self-awareness. And he did it. Listening to Most Likely You Go Your Way (And I’ll Go Mine), 
the presence of Dylan 1974 (as distinct from Dylan the imagined legend) is unmistakable. The performer has found a way to transcend his circumstances. 
His spirit is biting through.

For his 1974 tour, Dylan put together a selection of songs that is carefully balanced to represent all of his best-loved work 
(the only albums left out are the first – though he did do Song To Woody a few times – and, significantly, Self Portrait and New Morning). 
The basic sequence went like this, sometimes with one or two variations (usually in the acoustic set):

Dylan and The Band – Most Likely You Go Your Way (And I'll Go Mine), Lay Lady Lay, Just Like Tom Thumb's Blues, Rainy Day Women #12 & 35, It Ain't Me Babe, 
Ballad Of A Thin Man; six songs by The Band alone; Dylan and The Band – All Along The Watchtower, Ballad Of Hollis Brown, Knockin' On Heaven's Door; 
Dylan solo acoustic (after a 15-minute intermission) – The Times They Are A-Changin', Don't Think Twice It's All Right, Gates Of Eden, Just Like A Woman, 
It's Alright, Ma (I’m Only Bleeding); four songs by The Band alone; Dylan and The Band – Forever Young, Something There Is About You (first 26 shows) 
or Highway 61 Revisited (last 14 shows), Like A Rolling Stone, and finally the encore, usually a repeat of Most Likely You Go Your Way (And I’ll Go Mine), 
sometimes followed by a second encore, typically Blowin’ In The Wind.

Other songs performed included (electric, with The Band): I Don't Believe You (She Acts Like We Never Have Met) (8 shows), Leopard-Skin Pill-Box Hat (6 shows), 
Maggie's Farm (4), Tough Mama (3), Hero Blues (2), and One Too Many Mornings, It Takes A Lot To Laugh It Takes A Train To Cry, As I Went Out One Morning, 
and Mr Tambourine Man (once each).

The list of alternate acoustic performances is longer - Wedding Song (9 shows), Except You (8 shows), She Belongs To Me (6), 
The Lonesome Death Of Hattie Carroll (5), It's All Over Now Baby Blue (4), Love Minus Zero / No Limit (4), Blowin’ In The Wind (2), 
Girl Of The North Country (2), Song To Woody (2), and A Hard Rain's A-Gonna Fall, Desolation Row, Visions Of Johanna, Fourth Time Around, 
To Ramona, Mama You Been On My Mind, and Mr Tambourine Man (once each).

While the performances of most of the songs sound quite different from their original recordings, the arrangements for the most part are not greatly changed 
(except as necessary when a song previously done solo acoustic is now performed electric with a band, (Lay Lady Lay, It Ain't Me Babe), and, most dramatically, 
Ballad Of Hollis Brown). Dylan may have been per¬fectly happy with this choice of material and these arrangements – 
but there can be no question that he was setting out not to challenge expectations, this one time, but to satisfy them as well as possible. 
The mood of his performances, as well as his later com¬ments, suggest that the primary reason for this was that he felt he had no choice.

In hindsight, at least, Tour '74 was Dylan's opening gambit in a whole new stage of his career. 
On one level, he was scared, and so he protected himself by playing his surest hand. 
(Maybe, just maybe, if he gave them everything they could possibly want from him, they would let him escape with his life.) 
And on another level, he knew without thinking about it that it takes jacks or better to open. 
He had to use every resource he had going for him up to this point (greatest hits, rock ‘n’ roll, solo acoustic, frizzed-up hair), 
if he was going to have a chance at getting back into the game.

Because what he had going against him was the audience's heartfelt conviction that he could walk on water, 
write our inner¬most feelings across the sky at the drop of a hat, bring down governments, and usher in the millennium. 
We were ready to forgive him for the fact that our personal and collective world had not become everything his presence in it 
seemed to promise us nine years earlier – as long as he was willing to get out there and start making up for lost time. Let the concert begin!

By way of ironic commentary, Dylan opened the first two shows with the obscure Hero Blues from 1963, singing some of the original lyrics 
("The gal I got, I swear she's the screaming end / She wants me to be a hero so she can tell all her friends") 
plus some new ones that seem relevant to his immediate situation: "Running down the highway, just as fast as I can go"; 
and "Don't you remember, I told you long ago / just ain't gonna work around here no more"; and finally something about what "you can write on my tombstone." 
Powerful stuff; one wishes he had felt free to do more improvising.

Ten days later he told a reporter, "Back then it was the scene. Greenwich Village. Gerde's. There wasn't any audience and performer. It was all one. 
(This is an inaccurate and highly romanti¬cized recollection, but quite revealing.) I wasn't a hero. 
I wasn't giving those young people anything to focus on back then. It was just something I was articulating that a whole bunch of us felt. 
But now there's a lot of ambiguity out there in the audience – the younger kids – just not sure why they're here." 
Hero Blues expresses the same feelings more directly: "You need a different kind of man, babe  - you need Napoleon Bonaparte!"

At the third show Dylan dropped Hero Blues and tried starting with Ballad Of Hollis Brown. 
The next three shows he opened with Rainy Day Women #12 & 35, and then on 10 January 1974 in Toronto he settled on Most Likely You Go Your Way (and I’ll Go Mine), 
which had been the encore for some of the early shows, as his opener. 
The next night he went a step further and used it as both opener and encore ("it completes a circle in some way," he told Ben Fong-Torres), 
and stayed with that structure for most of the remain¬ing concerts.

In the context of starting and ending the 1974 concerts, Most Likely You Go Your Way (and I'll Go Mine) is a declaration of non-relationship, 
as if to say, "I want to make it clear that you and I really have no connection with each other, 
and as long as we remember this we can have a good time here tonight." The "message" of the song is all in the title phrase 
(although "you say my kisses are not like his" could be heard as a cute comment on being judged in comparison to your remembered past self) 
and in the way Dylan sings the song  -  not as sly or as nasty as on Blonde On Blonde, but much more assertive, 
sung in the manner of a hustler who has grabbed your lapel in one hand, has his face up inches from yours, 
and is jabbing the air with the forefinger of his other hand just in case you might miss the point.

"You say you love me / And you're thinking of me / But you know you could be wrong!" Dylan screams good-naturedly at the expectant audience, 
and then, true to his double nature, he turns around and woos them (aggressively) with his next selection: "Stay, lady, stay / Stay while the night is still ahead." The next two numbers are drug songs – Just Like Tom Thumb's Blues ("take another shot") and Rainy Day Women #12 & 35 ("must get stoned"). They could also be called "outsider" songs (indeed one of the changes between 1966 and 1974 was that drugs and political posi¬tions and sexual attitudes that were once part of outlaw culture had become mass culture – and an underlying and perhaps unresolvable challenge for Dylan on this tour was how to sing his consum¬mate expressions of outsiderhood as a conquering hero before an uncritical mass audience). And let us note, as we look at the relation¬ship between singer, audience, and subject matter, that these two songs have the paradoxical ability to make the listener feel like an insider, a member of the outsider community. (Just Like Tom Thumb’s Blues does this through intimacy, the implicit camaraderie of the wasted, whereas Rainy Day Women #12 & 35 is direct and impersonal, "I would not feel so all alone," an anthem.)

It Ain't Me Babe is always to some extent Dylan's disclaimer to his audience ("it ain't me you're looking for") – 
on this tour it takes on a surprising joyfulness, it has become a song of not just personal but collective freedom. 
Ballad Of A Thin Man is another outsider/insider, them-and-us song; Dylan plays piano on this one. 
If the song has less punch than it did in 1966, it is probably because the times have changed; 
and also because Dylan loves it so much he has forgotten to recreate it, to make it new.

Before The Flood offers versions of most of these songs as good as any I have heard on tapes of the 1974 shows. 
Must Likely You Go Your Way (And I’ll Go Mine) is phenomenal; I can listen to it over and over and over and still hear more in it. 
Every member of The Band outdoes himself on this one. That guitar solo! The drumming! 
The sound these six musicians create here is different from and just as memorable as the studio sound achieved on Bringing It All Back Home 
or Highway 61 Revisited or Blonde On Blonde.

It is obviously not a coincidence that Dylan as singer /songwriter / frontman has again and again inspired different sets of musicians to jointly create such wonders. 
How does he do it? Certainly not by writing out charts or even by saying, "I'd like the bass to play this chord sequence and then have the piano come in here." 
He does it instead by trust, by insinuation, by power of personality, by enthusiasm, and by projecting a musical presence through his voice and his sense of rhythm that weaves these musi¬cians together into one consciousness while inspiring each of them separately to put more of himself (feelings, imagination, spirit) into this than he has ever been able to express through music before. Dylan again and again has brought groups of musicians to this point – the proof of this is in his recordings – and however he does it, the process may be correctly described as part of the act of performing. He carries others with him, and is inspired by them, and feeds his own enthusiasm back into the group effort. What results is great music, great art – not songs or compositions but performances. 14 February 1974, Los Angeles, California, Dylan and The Band kicked off the final show of their tour with a rousing rendition of their standard opener, and in the process created a sound not quite like anything ever heard before, and a performance that people will listen to and enjoy and be moved by for centuries to come.

I am also very fond of the performance of Lay, Lady, Lay included on Before The Flood. What a great guitar player Robbie Robertson can be! 
So much is said between the words in this performance, it is like Dylan is singing (the way he stretches the word "brass," for example) 
is percussive accompaniment for the lead guitar.

Rainy Day Women #12 & 35 is notable for its fine groove (credit piano and rhythm section) and the wonderful solos (guitar, organ) between the verses. 
Like It Ain't Me Babe, this is happy music, celebratory, full of life. The latter song in particular hints at a new direction for Dylan, 
a way of performing that could not be explored further within the limits of this tour but might provide a reason for Dylan to try a different kind of tour 
in the future. (I recommend St. Louis, 4 February 1974, afternoon show, for a particularly free and joyous 1974 It Ain't Me Babe.)

Of the tapes I have heard, Toronto, 10 January 1974, strikes me as having the finest first set overall, 
including unusually good versions of I Don't Believe You, Just Like Tom Thumb's Blues, and "Ballad Of A Thin Man. 
This Toronto set also features one of the high points of the tour, a rare and marvelous performance of As I Went Out One Morning. 
The Band play martial music and Dylan responds with a new and eerie variation on his Tour '74 emphatic vocal style. 
Great spontaneous performance art, and an example of what keeps the blood flowing through tape collectors' veins.

The second Dylan set (he rejoins The Band onstage after they have played a set on their own) is short and powerful – 
a hard rock All Along The Watchtower, Ballad Of Hollis Brown as an up-tempo electric blues, 
and finally (last song before intermission) the wonderfully apocalyptic recent hit single (proof of Dylan's return to action) Knockin' On Heaven's Door.

Dylan acknowledges in the Biograph notes that his live 1974 version of All Along The Watchtower is partially based on Jimi Hendrix's performance of the song 
(a Top-20 hit in the United States in Fall 1968), and says, "when I sing it I always feel it's a tribute to him in some way." 
Interesting, because Dylan's singing on the Before The Flood version is solid but unremarkable; 
it primarily serves as a jumping-off place for the soaring lyricism of The Band's perfor¬mance, especially Robertson's guitar playing. 
The tribute, then, is in that part of the performance that Dylan "sings" through Robertson. 
On this track, as on so many of the Tour '74 performances, Dylan's vocal sounds hemmed in (appropriate for this song), 
as if the size and nature of the crowd and Dylan's feelings about them and about returning to the live stage (scene of his greatest triumphs and horrors) 
all serve to restrict his vocal sphere of motion, he is constrained, he does not feel free to move around or will not give himself that freedom, 
he has found a place he can successfully sing from and he is not going to risk budging from this spot until this tour, this ordeal, is history. 
Fortunately though, he has his musical alter ego, JR Robertson, genius of 1966 and The Basement Tapes, 
by his side to read the colors in Dylan's mind and show them, spectacularly, to the audience.

There is also a suggestion, in Dylan's comments about Hendrix, that he is performing his own song as if it were a cover, 
a song written by and associated with someone else. This is a liberating idea, and it suggests to me, as it may have suggested to Dylan at the time, 
the idea of approaching all of his older songs as if they were created by someone he admires who is dead now. 
He does not have to play the role of Dylan, in other words – he can play the role of a guy on stage who is performing Dylan songs. 
The audi¬ence will not know the difference, but the performer (and, more importantly, the performances) will be set free.

Ballad Of Hollis Brown (not included on Before The Flood) points up the limitations of this tour. 
When Dylan and The Band opened their show with this song in Philadelphia, 6 January 1974, it was an interesting performance and a great concept – 
take a grim, uncompromising, relatively unfamiliar song from Dylan's topical songwriter period and give it the full electric treatment – 
37 performances later, closing night, Dylan's growls and Robertson's guitar cliches are as forceful as ever and rather more polished, 
but the song has not grown in any way – it is a set piece, it has not taken on a life or meaning of its own.

Knockin' On Heaven's Door, on the other hand, reveals itself as a great fluid vehicle for live performance. 
Dylan's voice here is an open door to his feelings: the sibilants especially ("trace," "see," "shoot") have an urgent, piercing quality that bond listener to singer. 
The way he says "I" in "I can't shoot them" is unforgettable. I am referring here to the Before The Flood version, which is from 30 January 1974; 
the performance from the last show, 14 February 1974, is quite different (more forceful in the chorus, dif¬ferent emphases within the verses) but just as good. 
The song breathes; at each performance it speaks, without premeditation, the truth of its moment.

The solo set, which follows an intermission and therefore begins the second half of the concert, implicitly promises Dylan at his most naked, 
and, since the very sight of Dylan alone on stage with acoustic guitar and harmonica would send audiences into reveries of nostalgia 
(this continues to be true even in the late-1980s), the tension within Dylan regarding what people wanted from him 
and what he was willing to give them must have been most pronounced during this part of the show.

In 1965 Dylan wanted to quit performing because his solo concerts had become so limiting for him, so predictable, such a drag. 
In 1966 he split his shows between a solo first half and an electric second half, and used a combination of drugs and artistic ambition 
to cut through the implicit restrictions of a solo set and produce intimate, daring, soul-searing music. 
In 1974 Dylan's solo set was an island within a larger electric presentation. 
I do not think Dylan's sense of himself changed from one segment of the 1974 show to another – 
he continued to sing from the one perspective that worked for him on this tour (like a window he could stick his head out of), 
whether The Band was playing with him or not.

He was determined, in any case, not to just go through the motions of singing his songs. 
Instead he built his (necessary) defenses into his style of performing, and found ways to sing from his heart not in spite of 
but with the aid of his belligerent, aggres¬sive stance. The performances that resulted are not among the best of his career, 
but they are frequently very moving and represent a crucial transition – Dylan's reclaiming of the stage after a long and stifling silence, 
his rediscovery and reassertion of himself as a performing artist.

Before The Flood offers us three songs from the solo set – Don't Think Twice It’s All Right, Just Like A Woman, and It's Alright Ma (I’m Only Bleeding). 
The latter provoked more audience reaction, night after night, than any other song except Like A Rolling Stone, 
partly because it lent itself so well to Dylan's current "attack and conquer" singing style, and partly because of the stunning appropriateness in early-1974 
(as the Watergate revelations and the siege of the Nixon presidency dominated public consciousness) of Dylan's 1965 lyric 
"even the president of the United States sometimes must have to stand naked." Dylan's status as prophet was confirmed; 
and the passion¬ately-performed song became an anthem of the moment, the embodiment of what the audience had come here hoping to ex¬perience: 
Dylan as hero, songwriter / performer as truthteller and fiery-tongued spokesperson for a generation.

Here more than at any other moment during the concert, Dylan is "playing a role." He does it well, he gives the audience their money's worth – 
and not, I think, in a cynical fashion; It's Alright, Ma (I’m Only Bleeding) is a great song, full of truth, and he sings it like he is proud of having written it – 
but the unavoidable falseness of the situation necessarily comes into focus here. What started as truth-saying has become spectacle. 
Dylan is singing in a sports arena to an adoring audience with a preconceived and unshakeable pic¬ture of who he is; 
he has become part of the mass culture that the song warns against. Each performance of the song is as energetic and fiery as the one the night before; 
each performance is an orgasmic fulfillment for the audience and a carved notch for the performer's ego but a dead end for the performer as artist, 
because there is nowhere he can go with this. Paradoxically, I think Dylan's awareness of this dilemma helps give the performance its edge – 
breathes life into it. 
"It is not he or she or them or it that you belong to." Indeed.

Don't Think Twice It’s All Right on Before The Flood is a particularly re¬warding performance. 
There is a beauty in the sound of Dylan's voice here that is more striking to me each time I listen to it. 
One becomes fascinated with an artist's body of work, I think, precisely because there is no way to quantify (analyze, describe, explain) 
the richness one experiences in each new work encountered or each previously-seen or -heard work encountered again. 
Oh that harmonica solo before the last verse! What sets this performance apart from other versions of the same song from other years is, 
superficially, the breakneck speed at which it is played and sung, and yet that is not the important thing. 
The important thing is the depth of feeling this unique work of music evokes, 
which has to do with the tempo but has just as much to do with the way particular words ("twice," "heart," "mind," "right") are enunciated, 
and the vocal timbre, and the way the various elements of the performance work together. The performer gives and the listener receives. 
We could also say the listener gives the gift of his listening, and the performer, in some mysterious way, receives this gift, and responds.

There are moments on the tour when Dylan seems particu¬larly inspired. The acoustic set from the first show in St Louis (4 February 1974) is a high point, 
not only for the songs he was moved to share for the first and only time on this tour (A Hard Rain’s A-Gonna Fall and Desolation Row) 
but also for the regularly-performed songs (The Times They Are A-Changin', Don't Think Twice It’s All Right, Just Like A Woman"), 
which sound especially magical on this tape, as though the performer feels himself especially well-listened-to on this day, 
or for some other reason is in a very giving, creative mood. Gates Of Eden from Nassau, 29 January 1974; is another exceptional performance. 
It is as though he is more inside the songs on these occasions, and the songs are bigger and more expressive, more compelling, as a result. 
There are also simple changes in mood. Just Like A Woman from Before the Flood sounds like a description of a very different person 
from the one he sings about in St Louis.

Dylan introduced one new song during the 1974 tour, Except You (the official title, in Lyrics, is Nobody 'Cept You, but that sounds all wrong to me, 
so just this once I am going to take the law into my own hands). Dylan apparently made a tape, possibly an early start on Planet Waves, in July 1973, 
of Except You, Forever Young, and Never Say Goodbye. Except You, which Dylan performed in his solo set for the first six shows of 1974, 
then twice more in the week that followed, is a love song, a Dylan classic, one of those perfect meetings of melody and lyrics 
that establishes its emotional territory and pierces the listener's heart in its opening line: "There's nothing 'round here that I believe in / Except you."

The song (all the performances are moving, but my favorite is from Chicago, 4 January 1974) is fresh evidence of Dylan's extraordinary natural talent as a songwriter. 
It sounds like it just flowed out of him, and quite possibly it did ("Sometimes that's what you're given"), born whole like Athena from the forehead of Zeus, 
with all its subtle chord changes and structural shifts, its precise, inspired lyrical weaving of memory, spiritual feelings, love, loss, boredom, 
attachment and detachment, all effortlessly turned back to the central point: you make life meaningful, your presence awakens me when everything else is a fog. 
In a handful of words (and with the power of the music, and his voice) Dylan shares large chunks of his experience of reality, 
"everybody wants my attention / Everybody's got something to sell" – and then adds that tagline – "except you." 
The song is a sequel to and every bit as powerful as Love Minus Zero / No Limit. 
The bridging verse starts as reminiscence and becomes a remarkable, compact essay on time and aging:

“Used to run in the cemetery
Laugh and sing and play when I was a child
And it never seemed strange
Now I just pass mournfully
By that place where the bones of life are piled
I know something has changed
I'm a stranger here, and no one sees me
Except you
Nothing anymore seems to please me”

This is genius. And very hummable. It runs through the mind. It challenges, and lifts, the heart.
Maybe someday it will be released to the public. (In 1991, a studio take of Except You / Nobody 'Cept You was included 
on the Columbia Records Dylan compilation The Bootleg Series, Volumes 1-3. It is a lackluster and unsatisfying version, proving my comments above wrong – 
the song did not flow out of Dylan perfectly formed, or if it did it occurred on stage in January and not in the studio the previous November. 
In any case, the superb song / performance I am talking about has yet to be released to the public.

The last segment of the 1974 concerts features three more songs by Dylan with The Band, plus one or two encores. 
Forever Young, not included on Before The Flood, sounds a lot like the slower Planet Waves version most nights, 
another song that suffered from the limitations Dylan labored under for the duration of the tour. 
And yet, within those limitations (by which I mean a sense of having to do things a certain way, night after night, no room for structural improvisation), 
the song could still occasionally become the basis for a soaring, magical performance. 
This occurred in Toronto, 10 January 1974 – what comes across (surprisingly) is great love, 
as though Dylan for whatever reason found himself flooded with affection for his audience, and it just radiated out as he sang. 
The rapport between Dylan and The Band here is unusually keen. The harmonica playing, and the crystalline sound achieved by The Band as a whole, are exquisite.

Something There Is About You is a fine song that doesn't stand out for me on the concert tapes because, again, 
it was not allowed to develop and take on a life of its own in live performance. 
For the last few weeks of the tour it was replaced by Highway 61 Revisited – the hotter-than-a-crotch performance of this song included on Before The Flood 
is a delight. It jumps, it really jumps.

On the 1974 tour Dylan was playing with the same band he had toured with in 1965 and 1966, the same band he had played with at the Isle of Wight, 
the only band he had ever played with publicly (with the exception of a few songs at Newport and at the Bangladesh con¬certs). 
They had built a considerable reputation of their own since 1966, and were now The Band and shared billing with Dylan; 
but at times it must have seemed to them and Dylan as if no real time had passed. "All right, let's go out and do our act again." 
In 1966 their set together consisted of eight songs; three of these songs remained as standard numbers in 1974, 
and two others were performed often in the early shows. 
The arrangements of the songs, the approach of singer and musicians to the material, are about the same in 1974 as 1966. 
And both concerts were structured to build to the same inevitable climax – Like A Rolling Stone.

The Before The Flood performance of Like A Rolling Stone is the last of 40 in a row, which sets up a nice comparison with the Manchester 1966 performance, 
near the end of at least 70 in a row. The 1966 version has the edge, no question about it, but there is a lot to be said for 1974 as well. 
Both performances are totally fresh, as though the song (famous though it may be) had just been created earlier the same day, 
and this is the first and final run-through, the one that matters.

It is hard to imagine, listening to the 1974 version, that Dylan has not always sung the song just like this, 
shouting the chorus and the last few words of each line, biting into each syllable of almost every word and forcing it out from the diaphragm, 
leading the music forward like a crazed general running ahead of his cavalry – 
hard to imagine that that punchy organ figure that separates and emphasizes every line of the chorus has not always been part of the song, 
is not the hook that made it so memorable in the first place. I am speaking now of how the 1974 version, 
by its power and its commitment to this moment of performance, can temporarily obliterate the memory of the original studio recording 
whose triumph is being celebrated here (and celebration is what this 1974 performance of Like A Rolling Stone is about – 
celebration of the song, the singer, the audience, the band, this whole exultant homecoming, 
our collective victory over every sort of personal and public repression, real or imagined) – 
not because it is better but because it is all-absorbing, it gives and demands full attention, as a great performance must.

It is interesting to note how different the equally entrancing 1966 live performance is – 
Dylan seldom shouts, he sounds weary, totally into the truth of the song and on top of the performance but much more worldly-wise than energetic. 
The passion of the 1966 performance is implicit in Dylan's held-back vocal, but it finds its release in the manic drumming 
and overwhelming organ and guitar lines that surge forward with a force appropriate to an all-out assault on the fortress of the gods. 
Rock ‘n’ roll – live electric ensemble music – reaches a kind of apotheosis here. 
The 1974 version, by contrast, is merely hysterical, almost a pastiche – except that it has its own sense of purpose, its own reason for existence, 
expressed so powerfully that again memories of past triumphs become moot in the face of what is right this moment being achieved.

Before The Flood ends with another anthem (one pounding on top of the next until mind and spirit reel), an electric version of Blowin' In The Wind. 
This was used as a second encore at many of the later concerts. 
It seems as though most of the songs on this tour were performed in some variation of a marching rhythm, and here's another. 
It is actually quite a good presentation of a difficult song – especially Robertson's melodic guitar solo. 
Dylan continues to explore the possibilities of the particular style of enunciation he adopted for Tour '74, 
sometimes seeming to lose the meanings of the words altogether ("how many times musta man look up") 
but perhaps arriving at something more interesting than meaning in the process. 
He has a way of flexing his lips and moving language into an entirely abstract plane.

The tour ended in Los Angeles, and Dylan presumably went home to Malibu. He walked offstage and the hero disappeared; 
but from what little we know of his private life, he had a hard time resuming his life as a husband. 
By spring he was in New York City, studying art on the 11th floor of Carnegie Hall with a 73-year-old painter named Norman Raeben.

***

Chicago Stadium
Chicago, Illinois
3 January 1974
 
1.Share Your Love With Me (Briggs/Malone)
2.Holy Cow (Alain Toussaint)
3.Life Is A Carnival (Robbie Robertson - Rick Danko - Levon Helm)

First concert of the 1974 Tour of America with The Band.
 
Bob Dylan (guitar, harmonica), Robbie Robertson (guitar), 
Garth Hudson (organ, piano and clavinette), Richard Manual (keyboards), 
Rick Danko (bass), Levon Helm (drums).

This was the only time that Dylan played during The Band's set.

Live debuts of: 
Tough Mama, All Along The Watchtower, 
Nobody 'Cept You, 
Forever Young, 
Most Likely You Go Your Way (And I'll Go Mine), and 
Something There Is About You.

LB-2635; 
From Les Kokay audience set

Fair sound [B-].

***

Chicago Stadium
Chicago, Illinois
4 January 1974

4.Hero Blues
5.It Ain't Me, Babe
6.Tough Mama
7.Long Black Veil (Danny Dill - Marijohn Wilkin)
8.All Along The Watchtower
9.Leopard-Skin Pill-Box Hat
10.The Times They Are A-Changin'
11.Love Minus Zero/No Limit
12.The Lonesome Death Of Hattie Carroll
13.Nobody 'Cept You
14.It's Alright, Ma (I'm Only Bleeding)
15.The Shape I'm In (Robbie Robertson)
16.The Weight (Robbie Robertson)
17.Forever Young
18.Something There Is About You
19.Like A Rolling Stone

Second concert of the 1974 Tour of America with The Band.
 
Bob Dylan (vocal, guitar, harmonica), Robbie Robertson (guitar), 
Garth Hudson (organ, piano and clavinette), Richard Manual (keyboards), 
Rick Danko (bass), Levon Helm (drums).

Bob Dylan (vocal, guitar, harmonica):
The Times They Are A-Changin'
Love Minus Zero/No Limit
The Lonesome Death Of Hattie Carroll
Nobody 'Cept You
It's Alright, Ma (I'm Only Bleeding)
 
Last live performance of Hero Blues.

Live debut of Knockin' On Heaven's Door.

LB-2636; 
From Les Kokay audience set

Very good to excellent sound [B+].

***

The Spectrum
Philadelphia, Pennsylvania
6 January 1974

Afternoon

20.To Ramona
21.Mama, You Been On My Mind

Third concert of the 1974 Tour of America with The Band.
 
Bob Dylan (vocal, guitar, harmonica).
 
LB-9309; 
Fix of LB-2637

Very good to excellent sound [B+].

***

The Spectrum
Philadelphia, Pennsylvania
6 January 1974

Evening

22.It's All Over Now, Baby Blue
23.Song To Woody
24.Mr. Tambourine Man

Concert # 4 of the 1974 Tour of America with The Band.
 
Bob Dylan (vocal, guitar, harmonica).
 
BobTalk: 

Really nice to be in Philly. We're gonna leave you with this one. 
(after Like A Rolling Stone).
 
LB-2638; 
From Les Kokay audience set

Good sound [B].

***

The Spectrum
Philadelphia, Pennsylvania
7 January 1974

25.Girl Of The North Country
26.Wedding Song
27.Nobody 'Cept You

Concert # 5 of the 1974 Tour of America with The Band.
 
Bob Dylan (vocal, guitar, harmonica).
 
BobTalk:

We'd like to leave you thinking about these words. 
(before Something There Is About You).

Live debut of Wedding Song.

LB-2647; 
From Les Kokay audience set

Good sound [B].

***

Maple Leaf Gardens
Toronto, Ontario, Canada
9 January 1974

28.It Takes A Lot To Laugh, It Takes A Train To Cry

Concert # 6 of the 1974 Tour of America with The Band.
 
Bob Dylan (vocal, guitar, harmonica), Robbie Robertson (guitar), 
Garth Hudson (organ, piano and clavinette), Richard Manual (keyboards), 
Rick Danko (bass), Levon Helm (drums).
6 Bob Dylan (piano).
10-14  Bob Dylan (vocal, guitar, harmonica).

First Bob Dylan concert in Toronto, Ontario, Canada.

LB-9312; 
Fix of LB-2650

***

Maple Leaf Gardens
Toronto, Ontario, Canada
10 January 1974

29.As I Went Out One Morning
30.Love Minus Zero/No Limit

Concert # 7 of the 1974 Tour of America with The Band.
 
Bob Dylan (vocal, guitar, harmonica), Robbie Robertson (guitar), 
Garth Hudson (organ, piano and clavinette), Richard Manual (keyboards), 
Rick Danko (bass), Levon Helm (drums) on:
As I Went Out One Morning

Bob Dylan (vocal, guitar, harmonica) on: 
Love Minus Zero / No Limit.
 
Live debut of As I Went Out One Morning. It has never been played live again.

LB-7073; 
As I Went Out One Evening (Be Twisted / BTCD 020-21)

Good sound [B].

***

Boston Gardens
Boston, Massachusetts
14 January 1974

Afternoon

31.Rainy Day Women # 12 & 35
32.Lay, Lady, Lay
33.Just Like Tom Thumb's Blues
34.It Ain't Me, Babe
35.I Don't Believe You (She Acts Like We Never Have Met)
36.Ballad Of A Thin Man
37.The Night They Drove Old Dixie Down (Robbie Robertson)
38.This Wheel's On Fire (Rick Danko - Bob Dylan)
39.I Shall Be Released
40.Up On Cripple Creek (Robbie Robertson)
41.All Along The Watchtower
42.Ballad Of Hollis Brown
43.Knockin' On Heaven's Door
44.Don't Think Twice, It's All Right
45.Just Like A Woman
46.Something There Is About You

Concert # 10 of the 1974 Tour of America with The Band.
 
Bob Dylan (vocal, guitar, harmonica), Robbie Robertson (guitar), 
Garth Hudson (organ, piano and clavinette), Richard Manuel (keyboards), 
Rick Danko (bass), Levon Helm (drums).

Bob Dylan (piano) on Ballad Of A Thin Man.

Bob Dylan (vocal, guitar, harmonica) on:
Don't Think Twice, It's All Right,
Just Like A Woman.
 
BobTalk: 

Thank you, it's good to be in Boston. (after Rainy Day Women #12 & 35)
We'll be right back, don't go away! (after Knockin' on Heaven's Door)
 
LB-1497; 
Compiler: Les Kokay; 
Part of The 1974 PA Tape Collection upgrade;  
Sources: 
first disc PA recording; 
second disc - first 5 tracks PA recording, last 8 audience; 
best known sources.

Excellent sound [A-].

Except:
The Night They Drove Old Dixie Down,
Knockin' On Heaven's Door.

LB-9378; 
Taper: Bill Graham; 
Source: Wolfgang's Vault (WV); 
Streaming capture: JTT; 
Lossy FLAC from mp3 capture; 
Incomplete soundboard; 
Equipment: Soundforge PRO 10b, FLAC Level 8 Align on Sector Boundaries.

Excellent sound [A-].

***

Capital Centre
Largo, Maryland
16 January 1974
 
47.One Too Many Mornings

Concert # 13 of the 1974 Tour of America with The Band.
 
Bob Dylan (vocal, guitar, harmonica), Robbie Robertson (guitar),
Garth Hudson (organ, piano and clavinette), Richard Manual (keyboards), 
Rick Danko (bass), Levon Helm (drums).
 
Last live performance of Nobody 'Cept You.

LB-9328; 
Lineage: Low gen tape > CDR > Eac > Flac; 
The Band sets are from a different tape [LK AUD set]

Good sound [B].

***

Hollywood Sportatorium
Hollywood, Florida
19 January 1974

Afternoon
 
48.It's Alright, Ma (I'm Only Bleeding)
49.Loving You Is Sweeter Than Ever (Don Hunter - Stevie Wonder)
50.Forever Young
 
Concert # 15 of the 1974 Tour of America with The Band.
 
Bob Dylan (vocal, guitar, harmonica), Robbie Robertson (guitar), 
Garth Hudson (organ, piano and clavinette), Richard Manual (keyboards), 
Rick Danko (bass), Levon Helm (drums).
 
BobTalk: 

Thank you, glad to be here! 
(after Most Likely You Go Your Way (And I'll Go Mine))
We'll be right back, don't go away! 
(after Knockin' on Heaven's Door)
Thank you, see you later! 
(after Most Likely You Go Your Way (And I'll Go Mine))

First Bob Dylan concert in Hollywood, Florida.

LB-11892; 
Hollywood Sportatorium (No Label / BDBA 11974)

Good sound [B].

***

Mid-South Coliseum
Memphis, Tennessee
23 January 1974
 
51.Going Back To Memphis (Chuck Berry)
52.Fourth Time Around

Concert # 19 of the 1974 Tour of America with The Band.
 
Robbie Robertson (guitar), Garth Hudson (organ, piano and clavinette), 
Richard Manual (keyboards), Rick Danko (bass), Levon Helm (drums) on Going Back To Memphis.

Bob Dylan (vocal, guitar, harmonica) on Fourth Time Around.
 
First Bob Dylan concert in Memphis, Tennessee.

LB-2677; 
From Les Kokay audience set

Fair sound [B-].

***

Nassau County Coliseum
Nassau, New York
28 January 1974

53.Gates Of Eden

Concert # 23 of the 1974 Tour of America with The Band.
 
Bob Dylan (vocal, guitar, harmonica) on Gates Of Eden.
 
BobTalk: 

Thank you. It's nice to be back in New York, even on a rainy night. 
(after Most Likely You Go Your Way (And I'll Go Mine)).

First Bob Dylan concert in Nassau, New York. 

LB-2694; 
From Les Kokay audience set; 
Master tape > CDR > EAC > CoolEdit2000 minimal HR > Flac

Very good to excellent sound [B+].

***

Madison Square Garden
New York City, New York
30 January 1974

54.King Harvest (Has Surely Come)

Concert # 25 of the 1974 Tour of America with The Band.
 
Robbie Robertson (guitar), 
Garth Hudson (organ, piano and clavinette), Richard Manual (keyboards), 
Rick Danko (bass), Levon Helm (drums).

Official releases: 

Knockin' On Heaven's Door released on Before The Flood: 
Asylum S-201, 20 June 1974, 
re-issued on Columbla KG 37661, April 1982, 
COL C2K 37661, (CD) 1987, and on 

Source:
Dylan related Wolfgang's Vault Radio broadcasts Week 4;  
Soundboard recordings captured, compiled and encoded by Arturo el Duderino, 14 March 2006; 
128kbps digital mp3 stream > Creative SoundBlaster Live! > Wave (16bit, 44.1kHz, 2.0) > SoundForge 8.0 > TLH > FLAC

Only Knockin' On Heaven's Door and King Harvest (Has Surely Come) circulate as soundboard.
All other circulating tapes are fair audience recordings. 
  
***

Madison Square Garden
New York City, New York
31 January 1974

Evening

55.Most Likely You Go Your Way (And I'll Go Mine)
56.Lay, Lady, Lay
57.Rainy Day Women # 12 & 35
58.Ballad Of A Thin Man
59.Up On Cripple Creek (Robbie Robertson)
60.Ballad Of Hollis Brown
61.Knockin' On Heaven's Door
62.Rag Mama Rag (Robbie Robertson)
63.This Wheel's On Fire (Rick Danko - Bob Dylan)
64.Highway 61 Revisited
65.Blowin' In The Wind

Concert # 27 of the 1974 Tour of America with The Band.
 
Bob Dylan (vocal, guitar, harmonica), Robbie Robertson (guitar), 
Garth Hudson (organ, piano and clavinette), Richard Manual (keyboards), 
Rick Danko (bass), Levon Helm (drums).

Bob Dylan (piano) on Ballad Of A Thin Man.

LB-9393; 
Compiler: Les Kokay (LK); 
The 1974 PA tape collection upgrade

Excellent sound [A-].

Except:
Ballad Of A Thin Man,
Up On Cripple Creek,
Knockin' On Heaven's Door,
This Wheel's On Fire.

LB-11118; 
1974 Soundboard Collection (Wonderland Records)

Excellent sound [A-].

***

Missouri Arena
St. Louis, Missouri
4 February 1974

Afternoon

66.A Hard Rain's A-Gonna Fall
67.Desolation Row

Concert # 30 of the 1974 Tour of America with The Band.
 
Bob Dylan (vocal, guitar, harmonica).

First Bob Dylan concert in St. Louis, Missouri.

LB-11762; 
Taper: Bob Heyer

Fair sound [B-].

***

Coliseum
Denver, Colorado
6 February 1974 

Afternoon

68.Visions Of Johanna

Concert # 32 of the 1974 Tour of America with The Band.
 
Bob Dylan (vocal, guitar, harmonica). on Visions Of Johanna.

First Bob Dylan concert in Denver, Colorado.

LB-2703; 
From Les Kokay audience set

Fair sound [B-].

***

Alameda County Coliseum
Oakland, California
11 February 1974 

Evening
  
69.Most Likely You Go Your Way (And I'll Go Mine)
70.Stage Fright (Robbie Robertson)
71.The Times They Are A-Changin'
72.Just Like A Woman
73.Don't Think Twice, It's All Right
74.It's Alright, Ma (I'm Only Bleeding)
75.Highway 61 Revisited
76.Like A Rolling Stone
77.Maggie's Farm
78.Blowin' In The Wind - The original FLAC file from my set was corrupted.  I supplied a new one from my files with the same source - Mat

Concert # 37 of the 1974 Tour of America with The Band.
 
Bob Dylan (vocal, guitar, harmonica), Robbie Robertson (guitar), 
Garth Hudson (organ, piano and clavinette), Richard Manual (keyboards), 
Rick Danko (bass), Levon Helm (drums).

Bob Dylan (vocal, guitar, harmonica) on:
The Times They Are A-Changin',
Just Like A Woman.
 
BobTalk: 

Thank you! Back in San Francisco at last! 
(after Most Likely You Go Your Way (And I'll Go Mine))

LB-4445; 
Oakland Flood (Mainstream / MSBR 0016-17)

Excellent sound [A-].

Except Don't Think Twice, It's All Right:

LB-11118; 
1974 Soundboard Collection (Wonderland Records)

Excellent sound [A-].

***

The Forum
Inglewood
Los Angeles, California
13 February 1974
 
79.When You Awake

Concert # 38 of the 1974 Tour of America with The Band.

Robbie Robertson (guitar), Garth Hudson (synthesizer), 
Richard Manual (keyboards), Rick Danko (bass), Levon Helm (drums).

Released on Before The Flood, Asylum S-201, 20 June 1974, 
re-issued on Columbla KG 37661, April 1982, CoL C2K 37661, (CD) 1987:
Lay, Lady, Lay, 
Rainy Day Women #12 & 35, 
The Weight, 
Like A Rolling Stone, and 
partly Blowin' In The Wind: 

Source: 
Bob Dylan (and related); 
Wolfgang's Vault Radio broadcasts Week 5;
Soundboard recordings; 
Captured, compiled and encoded by Arturo el Duderino, 14 March 2006; 
128kbps digital mp3 stream > Creative SoundBlaster Live! > Wave (16bit, 44.1kHz, 2.0) > SoundForge 8.0 > TLH  >FLAC

***

The Forum
Inglewood
Los Angeles, California
14 February 1974 

Afternoon

80.Just Like Tom Thumb's Blues
81.She Belongs To Me
82.It's All Over Now, Baby Blue

Concert # 39 of the 1974 Tour of America with The Band.
 
Bob Dylan (vocal, guitar, harmonica), Robbie Robertson (guitar), 
Garth Hudson (organ, piano and clavinette), Richard Manual (keyboards), 
Rick Danko (bass), Levon Helm (drums) on Just Like Tom Thumb's Blues.

Bob Dylan (vocal, guitar, harmonica) on:
She Belongs To Me,
It's All Over Now, Baby Blue.
 
Official releases: 

Released on Before The Flood, Asylum S-201, 20 June 1974, 
re-issued on Columbla KG 37661, April 1982, CoL C2K 37661, (CD) 1987: 
Ballad Of A Thin Man, 
I Shall Be Released, 
The Shape I'm In, 
All Along The Watchtower, and 
the guitar break, last verse and conclusion of Blowin' In The Wind: 

LB-10164; 
Before The Flood Complete (Original Master Series / 110-111-112-113); 
Gold CD Limited Edition; 
Digitally Remastered

Excellent sound [A].

***

The Forum
Inglewood
Los Angeles, California
14 February 1974

Evening

83.Mr. Tambourine Man
84.Endless Highway (Robbie Robertson)
85.Gates Of Eden
86.Maggie's Farm

Concert # 40 of the 1974 Tour of America with The Band.
 
Bob Dylan (vocal, guitar, harmonica), Robbie Robertson (guitar), 
Garth Hudson (organ, piano and clavinette), Richard Manual (keyboards), 
Rick Danko (bass), Levon Helm (drums).

Bob Dylan (vocal, guitar, harmonica) on Gates Of Eden.
 
BobTalk:

We're gonna play one more. 
But before we do we want to bring out the man responsible for this tour. 
He's behind the scenes and he brings us to you. Where is he? Is he here? 
We're bringing him out now. Mister Bill Graham, you know him. Barry Hentoff too. 
These guys put the show together. We couldn't have done it without 'em. 
(before Blowin’ In The Wind).

Thank you. You're great. On behalf of myself and the band thank you, good night. 
(after Blowin’ In The Wind).
 
Official releases:

Released on Before The Flood, Asylum S-201, 20 June 1974, 
re-issued on Columbla KG 37661, April 1982, CoL C2K 37661, (CD) 1987: 
Most Likely You Go Your Way (And I'll Go Mine),
It Ain't Me, Babe,
Up On Cripple Creek,
Endless Highway, 
The Night They Drove Old Dixie Down, 
Stage Fright, 
Don't Think Twice, It's All Right,
Just Like A Woman, 
It's Alright, Ma (I'm Only Bleeding),
When You Awake, 
Highway 61 Revisited.
 
LB-10164; 
Before The Flood Complete (Original Master Series / 110-111-112-113); 
Gold CD Limited Edition; 
Digitally Remastered

Excellend sound [A].

***

Rock on, Bob!

XXX