this topic is to discuss what is REALLY the best source for the sdb #1b of Wien U4 1989.

For a dozen of years, the best source was listed to be "Out Of The Blue" by Octopus (ex Red Phantom, Backstage etc). The first release of Octopus was "XXII II MCMXCIV", and many of the first titles of the label were exclusive/amazing radio/TV/SDB sources ("Out Of The Blue" was the 36th release, two original variants and one counterfeit).

But Chris was able to deny that : while checking Discogs, he discovered that one big specialist of bootlegs ("brianvy") identified the year of release as "1993"... at least a few months before OCTO 036 "Out Of The Blue".
Then Chris discovered that the intro to "Scoff" is longer...
making "Smells Like..." the BEST SOURCE for sdb #1b.

(Nota : the bootography and the gigography must be modified)

We don't know from which country "Smells Like..." originated.
I think that i bought mine in Japan, and the design, paper and white jewel case strongly point Japan as the country of release.

When "Out Of The Blue" was released (see below), the only info on the cover was "recorded live at the Seattle University 1989" which was bogus.

Then i noticed that no info at all was available on the "Smells Like..." inserts, even more no tracklisting.

But one info is given : the PO BOX to contact Nirvana "4739 University Way NE Suite 1606 Seattle, WA 98105".

So i suggested that infact Octopus was able to get the "rare" "Smells Like..." pressing (from Japan ?), and then wrongly identified the gig as being from "Seattle University".

When was "Out Of The Blue" released, knowing that for now we have no info on "Smells Like..." exact month/year of release * ?
(* i'm very confident that local Japanese fans know that...)

OCTO 001 Nirvana (show : February 22, 1994) : released in very late March 1994, at least available in the first days of April 1994 in Paris

OCTO 017 James (show : Woodstock August 12, 1994) : at least released in August 1994

As most of the Woodstock gigs will be released starting from OCTO 038, it proves that the label released a LOT of titles during August-September 1994 (from at least OCTO 017 to OCTO 051 !)

"Out Of The Blue" was OCTO 036, so it was released at the same period (August-September 1994).

I will provide a full analysis of the two releases in the next posts.

First point : the sound waves are different. "Smells Like..." looks more natural, when "Out Of The Blue" was obviously "remastered".
The sound wave of "Out Of The Blue" is not a good transfer of "Smells Like..." (the sound is not starting from "zero" but under it).

Second point : i "found" an audible mark on both releases (marker 02), and from that one i was able to check that "Smells Like..." - like Chris discovered - is having 8 seconds before it (starting with an half second of fade in).
"Out Of The Blue" is only having a bit more of 3 seconds, with a big fade in.

Third point : the total duration (actual real sound only) of "Smells Like..." is 57.40.
For "Out Of The Blue", it is 57.36.
Nota : there is less than 0.5 second of difference between the two sources if we compare the rest of the content after marker 02. To me this is not relevant and important.

Fourth point : "Love Buzz" sound peaks are already high (but not overloaded) on "Smells Like...", so i checked what was the situation on "Out Of The Blue".
Without any surprises, the peaks of the sound wave on "Out Of The Blue" are CUTS, which means that a "bad" remaster was made (boosting the volume and damaging the sound wave).

"Smells Like..." is then confirmed as being the BEST and longest (+ 5 seconds) source of the two, and the original exclusive source.