LDB Master Series #326 (#703 of the entire series)

Out of my 7,000+ shows and radio broadcasts, I have many concerts that were special for some reasons: the setlist, the
musicians, the venue or unexpected events. These are the ones I'd like to propose you. Most of these come from my
cassettes collection, so they will be released at a slower pace than my Master Series! But you won't be disappointed!
I will try to gather the most unusual things I have in my collection and, as always, your feedback and comments will be my
reward for all the work involved in this project.

DO NOT share this music on mp3, just convert it for your own use. Sharing mp3's is the right way to make me stop sharing
music here.

Finally, some notes about your truly ldb: I have been a fan of live music since I was 9 years old (that is where
I attended my very first show, a PFM/De André gig at Milano's Palalido) and my first taped show was at 11 using
a crappy portable cassette player with embedded microphone. I become more serious about taping in 1983 when I
started to record every show. In 1991 I acquired my first Sony Professional and in 2000 I moved to MiniDisc to
finally settle on R-09 in early 2008.

I have seen nearly 500 shows in my career. Most of them were taped but for others bad luck struck and I could not
record it: on top of my mind there's a Paul McCartney show in 1993 in Milano where I was caught by the security or
Porcupine Tree in Roma in March 1999 when the DAT machine would seem to work but listening back to the tape there
would just be a long bunch of silence. Or during a Y.Malmsteen show where I got so annoyed that I left halfway
through the show and erased the tape and finally on a PFM show in Milano in 2007 where I had to leave before the
encore because the baby-sitter had to leave early that evening. Some other times I was very close not to tape or
had to do it in extremely difficult situations: for the four Peter Gabriel shows at Earls Court in 1987 security
was checking tapers with metal detector; at the David Gilmour comeback show in London in 2001 at RFH I had the
security guy sitting next to me but I managed to tape the show without checking one single time my MiniDisc!

There was a time I was travelling anywhere in Europe to see shows, especially if there was no touring in Italy: I
remember Rush in Paris in 1992 when the trio did not even know what Italy was. I have seen shows at stadiums
(Genesis at Wembley) and in places with 30 people (Porcupine Tree in Milano in 1997); bands that would later
become huge (Pearl Jam in a free show for 150 people) and masters of jazz (Miles Davis or Sarah Vaughan). Shows
I will never forget (Pink Floyd at Versailles castle) and some I would rather forget (no comment...).

I truly believe that live music is what keeps music alive, what make us enjoying it together, what allow us to
have deep feelings and transmit it to others. Studio records are nowadays 'commodities': you can buy online as
anonymous wav files and listen in your iPod or at home. Live music will always imply an effort to buy the tix,
travel to the venue, see the show, think about it when coming back home. 

NIRVANA
Marino, Palaghiaccio
February 22, 1994

"Sell This One And Die"

RAI RadioUno broadcast live

01.Radio Friendly Unit Shifter
02.Drain You
03.Breed
04.Serve the Servants
05.Come as You Are
06.Smells Like Teen Spirit
07.Sliver
08.Dumb
09.Run to the Hills
10.In Bloom
11.About a Girl
12.Lithium
13.Pennyroyal Tea
14.School
15.Bootleg People Are... / Polly
16.Very Ape
17.Lounge Act
18.Rape Me
19.Territorial Pissings
20.All Apologies
21.On a Plain
22.Scentless Apprentice
23.Heart-Shaped Box / Drums Solo

TT 75:34

Lineage: RAI RadioUno > JVC VHS recorder > Master tape > Teac Tape Deck AD-RW900 > Creative Sound Blaster Audigy > HD >
SoundForge 7.0 > CD Wave > FLAC Frontend (level 6)

Kurt Cobain - vocals, guitar
Krist Novoselic - bass
Dave Grohl - drums
Pat Smear - guitar
Lori Goldston - cello

Uncirculated master of mine from one of the last shows of Nirvana. I recorded this one straight from the radio live, then
I like the show that I managed to have a ticket for the following show in Milano (my hometown). Back in the mid 90´s, RAI
used to broadcast quite a lot of live acts during the program called "Planet Rock". And in order to record shows without
the hassle of tape flip, I used a JVC stereo video recorder, which ensured me at least two straight hours without pause.
that is why you will not hear any tape flip but rather a continous flow of music. In transferring this one I did not edit
anything or worked on the equalization. this is exactly what it was recorded.

After more or less 20 years from this show, I have to say that this music sounds to me a bit obsolete and honestly I would
not listen to it again in the near future. But back then it was the real big thing that created a brand new world of music
after the edulcorated and fashion-driven music of the 80´s.

There must be tons of sources for this show but this source has something I like and may be a nice addition to all serious
Nirvana collectors. As the band says during the show, bootleggers are a bunch of pedo*****s. As the title says, may you die
if you sell for your own profit what I have shared free of charge :-)

ldb

PS: In the folder you will find the complete list of the previous 700 volumes of the LDB Series.






