Failure
August 19th, 2015
Detroit, MI
St. Andrew’s Hall
16 Bit

Equipment: AT831a (4.7k mod) + CA-9100 (Roll of on) + Sony PCM-M10 (24/48)
Taper: RyanJ
Location: 10ft in front of right stack
Lineage: WAV > audition 3.0 (normalize to -0.1 db, convert to 16/44, fades) > CD Wave (tracking) > xACT (FLAC)


Setlist:
Segue 4
Hot Traveler
A.M. Amnesia
Another Space Song
Wet Gravity
Atom City Queen
Bernie
Undone
Counterfeit Sky
Mulholland Dr.
Saturday Savior
Sgt. Politeness
Segue 1
Smoking Umbrellas
Solaris
The Nurse Who Loved Me
Encore Break
Frogs
Stuck On You
Heliotropic


Notes:
Although I have a few of their recordings from the past couple years, I have never really sat down and listened to Failure and their catalog of music. A taper buddy of mine was always talking these guys up and I thought I’d go check out their show at St. Andy’s. Man… did these guys bring the house down! I was jamming throughout the entire set! I am disappointed in myself that it took this long in order to finally see/hear these guys. It was straight fire all night! The stage setup was pretty wicked with three small screens to back up each member. I loved that you were not assaulted with high beam lights and cheesy lighting, true rock and roll! Failure impressed me so much that I actually went and bought their newest CD at the merch table after the show. I can tell you that I have never bought a piece of music from a show up until this point! So that goes to show you how much I enjoyed their live performance/music. Highly recommend seeing this band if you haven’t. I also taped The New Regime, which for you Nine Inch Nails fans, is the drummer Ilan Rubin’s band. Just out of coincidence they were opening this show, and the rest of this tour. They play for about 35 minutes and I suggest getting early to check them out. Great music as well.

Tape is good. I am happy with the results. You can check the samples to be the judge if you like it or not. I know with Failure that the kick drum was not as intense as it was for The New Regime, which I assume that the mix for the opener was in favor for the headlining act. But a good tape. Enjoy the recording and go see these guys!