Tool
Voorhuit, Ghent, Belgium
March 8, 1994

Source:  unknown mics > Aiwa recorder > master cassette

Transfer & Tracking (Steve Hagar):  1g cassette > Tascam 112MKII > Aphex 204 > dbx iEQ-31 > Digital Audio Labs CardDeluxe > Soundforge 9.0 > xAct 2.44 (encode to FLAC level 8, ffp, md5)


setlist:

01. intro > Cold & Ugly
02. Intolerance
03. Bottom
04. Sober
05. Prison Sex
06. Swamp Song
07. 4 degrees
08. Opiate
09. Flood
10. Undertow
11. Jerk-Off

show notes:

since I'm the evil sonfoabitch that sent this to Galen in the first place, I'm gonna appropriate his musings from CU here, with a short follow-up:

Notes: Surprise to you! This source/review is one of many 'Easter Eggs' kind-of-hidden on this website. Good luck finding more. This is listed as it is a known source to be in trade-circulation albeit very, very limited. At this point, besides anything that the band has, this is most likely the rarest 1994 gig known to exist. Truth is, I know of one person who has this recording & it is sort of a fluke that I have it. Although I have not spoken to this person in a few years, I was asked to just keep it to myself; so, I list it here sort of "hidden". I wonder who & when someone finds this page...  my site statistics will show when if need be. Take a listen to this recording, the sound is a little below average on this recording as the microphones take in only so much of sound at a given time so if a loud burst of highs occurs, that is the dominant sound. Boom-biff-muffle-muffle. Same thing as if a dominant burst of low-end occurs, that is the dominant sound that the recording captures. Boom-biff-muffle-muffle. In a sense, there is that little fluctuation throughout the recording. However, the sound is much better than one would think capable for using such limited technology (reportedly). This was just a little Aiwa cassette recorder with some little shitty microphones in a dirty, dingy club in Belgium on a near-Spring night - for that, this is worthwhile to hunt down. As such, this is a rather interesting listen as the performance is awesome, if nothing else. The taper did a good job taping it as there is very limited crowd chatter and there are no actual brickwall's. It's a shame that, if this was ever mass released, recordings like this end up pushed to the side of someone's collection. 

Maynardism: 
"What's That smell? It's an interesting smell outside. Not a natural smell, it seems to me like you people have been working on that one. Smells like that don't just occur on their own."

--------------

sh notes: so, yeah, I just want to follow this up with a short "why" I'm posting all these whack shows that are "mostly from not in the US".


being from Alaska, I appreciate more than the common man the pull from that 'rare' locale.

or, the NY's, LA's and Chicagos are covered usually thrice over.

does that mean I won't go tape Alice In Chains in Atlanta or Chicago?

fuck no, but it DOES mean that I appreciate a "Record Company gig from Mobile AL, or a Dixie Dregs show from NOLA, or a David Byrne show from Memphis, or a Fu Manchu show from Raleigh (all taped last month, and all shared here already)....or AC/DC from France/Slash from Japan/Neil and PJ from Prague/Tool from Belgium just as much, if not moreso


THIS is one of those shows

as Galen said, a shame that this piece of history might get shoved to the side due to 'non-perfect fidelity'.

anyhow, ANOTHER *true* 1g, w/o any silly mp3 or cd generations in the way.

you kids dig it.

and open your toolbox, and throw dandrew some THANKS.


I don't give a rats ass what you throw at me, as thick skin and wide shoulders go a long ways these days...

back to the taping mines I go....

---Bee Dee is OUT!!!
