Tool
08/16/1997 - Mountain View, CA, USA @ Shoreline Amphitheatre (lollapalooza) 

Source: DAT - Marcsounds > Sony TCD-D8 / 48 kHz
Taper: ?
Gen: 3G DAT-C
Remastered in 2008 by S. Hagar
www.collectiveunconscious.org

Notes regarding Torrent
The person responsible for this remaster requested that cu.org torrent this, thus, here it is. He put a lot of work into this & although I myself tend to not be concerned with various remasters this is a sonic upgrade for the collector. Sorry, no MP3 available. 

Notes from cu.org: 
"The Hagar ReMaster - 2008": In the frozen tundra of Alaska there is an OGT taper named Steve Hagar. Perhaps you would recognize the style from a F-ed up story, a picture on the Net or, better yet, through your own Tool collection as he has recorded numerous Tool performances since 1993 including a couple of my favorites (i.e.: 06/23/1993 + 12/17/1996). Well, back in the day he was actually kicked out of this performance as he was caught taping – actually, taking pictures from one of the first rows in @ the performance. Apparently a security guard hit him & took his film + tape before kicking him out – bad stuff, great story. So, apparently a friend of Hagar’s attained a 1G DAT clone of this show & put it to cassette for him. In early 2008 he sent cu.org a CD version that had been dramatically EQ’d from the cassette source. This remastered version is considerably smoother & definitely an upgrade. You can tell it was done with love & a bit of passion – perhaps for the loss of his source? There is a definitive layer of hiss just like in the other sources but I do not have any idea how to effectively eliminate it without altering the overall sound. I am not sure it is even possible to be honest with you. So, other than this issue we cannot change, the capture (which was clearly recorded rather low on the original DAT Master) is excellent – much, much better than the other transfers floating around collections. The technical beauty of this recording is there, you have to train your ears to hear it though. So, this is definitely a wonderful performance, an upgrade (remaster) of sound & captures a very good performance by Tool. Highly recommended. 

Maynardism: "This is kind of a love song - but might be all (of a love song)"
Maynardism: "This is probably the closest thing to the original idea of alternative, as it's ever gotten, I would think. So hopefully today, you've set a side your preconceptions, set a side what your friends think is cool & just opened your hearts & let the music move you"  

Maynardism: "How many of you are tripping? Sounds like a lot of you aren't so all of you that are - acid are on - buckle up, see ya"

Setlist:
Intro
Hooker With A Penis
Stinkfist
4 degrees
46 & 2
Eulogy
Pushit (alt.)
Sober
No Quarter
Merkaba
Opiate
Ænema

Notes:
PLEASE DO NOT CONVERT TO MP3 or LOSSY FORMATS / KEEP SOURCE INFO
DO NOT SELL, TRADE/SHARE FREELY