Tool
2001.09.13
2001.09.11 - Original Date
Grand Rapids, MI, USA @ Van Andel Arena

Source A: Mini Disc --- Radioshack Lavalier Omni-directional > Sony MZ-R700
Transfer: MD-M > Tascam MD 301 MK-II > UXL24/96 > Goldwave
Taping Position: Left-Seating / 3 rows from floor general admission approx: 30' to left of stacks
Taper: Galen
Gen: collectiveunconscious.org Master Recording

2024 Notes: I remember being at Michigan State University in a geometry class when the TA said something about a plane hitting one of the trade towers in New York City but that we still needed to take a quiz. This was before cell phones as we know them. I was immediately sort of freaked out but made it through the quiz and promptly scooted back to my apartment after I called my girlfriend, now wife, on my Motorola cell. She filled me in on the details. Whence back to my abode, I woke up my buddy, RJB a longtime member of The Collective who was crashed on my couch, and told him what happened as we were supposed to go to the Tool show in Grand Rapids, MI that night. Turned on the TV and we both kind of stood with mouths agape on my shite TV with rabbit ears and then we saw the second plane hit tower #2. RJB was like “well, I guess I’m going back home” so he drove back five hours north only to come back down on September 13 for the rescheduled performance. The post show consists of a few friends talking about the performance, Tool fans, terrorism and drugs. This source was retransferred and remastered, as it is, but no matter what one could do, this recording is lacking in depth due to the microphones. That said, at the time, I had really only taped a few Tool shows prior and those came out really poor - so poor they are pure sonic messes so this was a heaven send compared to those. There is another version of this source around which is from 2001 which is not as ‘clear’ or ‘clean’ as this source. I use the ‘  ‘ sparingly as no matter how matter how much you can try putting lipstick on a pig, it is still your mom. More information is located at collectiveunconscious.org 

2024 Transfer Time: 2:12:21

The Grudge
(-) Ions
Stinkfist (White Lines)
46 & 2
Prison Sex (OTRM)
Schism
Pushit (alt)
Disposition
Reflection
Intermission
Parabol
Parabola
Eon Blue Apocalypse
The Patient
Opiate
Lateralus
Post Show
