Tool
2001-08-06
Paramount Theater
Seattle, WA, USA

Taper: Econeywaaa
Source + Transfer: Sound Professionals Cardioids > Sony TCD-D8 > DAT > Tascam DA-20 MKII > DIGITAL > AUDITION (16/48) > WAV > FLAC
Transferred by: RyanJ - www.ryanjonik.com / ninlive.com
Length: 1:47:58

Tuva
The Grudge
Stinkfist
46 & 2
Parabola
Schism
Eulogy
Disposition
Reflection                                                                              
Intermission
Sober
Pushit
Opiate
Lateralus

Notes: This was purchased by TJ of ratm.live off eBay. There were many lots of DATs from Econey and he got almost all of them, legend! This is another DAT master and upgrade to what is on the Tool Drive currently, as the one previous was an unknown gen. This is the raw recording from the DAT master with no EQ. There is a dropout during one of the songs in the right channel for a few moments. I would suspect due to a loose cable. But I would check to make sure it wasn't in the transfer that it dropped out with the unknown gen on the Tool Drive.

Econey was seeding old DAT masters on DIME about a year ago. A few of his Tool tapes were up there. I wanted to add this blurb that he wrote on one of the tapes about this run. "When the Tool small hall tour was announced, I bought two tickets for each show and my girl and I were going to hit the road and tape each one. Only she couldn't go at the last second because of work. So I went on alt.music.tool and gave away a ticket to a different poster in each town. I flew to Denver, rented a Mustang convertible and hit the road! The first night at Red Rocks, I kept getting called "Grandpa". The kid I went with in Portland had insane weed and that's why this tape bricks on the bass. Still very listenable, but notable for the fact the the opening set by KC is one of the best performances and recordings I have of that band from that tour. There are some glitches at times also which I think is due to age and overplay. At one point we got bagged smoking weed and you can hear it!"

Tracked and tagged by TJ, Jan. 2026

If you have unreleased Nine Inch Nails recordings, please visit me (Ryan) at NINLive.com.
If you have unreleased Rage Against the Machine recordings, please visit TJ at RATM.Live.
If you have unreleased Linkin Park recordings, please visit Mark at LPLive.net.
If you have unreleased Depeche Mode recordings, please visit Matt @ dmlive.wiki 
