Tool
Anchorage, Alaska
Sullivan Arena
September 30th, 2002
2009 Remaster

Sonic Studios DSM6/L -> PA-6LC2 -> Sony WMD-6 Cassette Deck

Master Tape -> Tascam 112MKII -> Aphex 204 -> dbx iEQ-31 -> Digital Audio Labs CardDeluxe

Soundforge 9.0, CD Architect 5.2.

EAC, Trader's Little Helper, Exactfile.

DISC ONE:

1. Tuva Intro
2. Sober
3. The Grudge
4. Stinkfist
5. H.
6. Schism
7. Parabol
8. Parabola
9. Aenima
10. Intermission (Part 1)

DISC TWO:

1. Intermission (Part 2)
2. Disposition
3. Reflection
4. Triad
5. Lateralus

Strange happenings at the Sully.  Seriously.  Something happened at this show.  I was overcome by it.  So much, that I forgot I was taping.  If you're a taper nerd, you know that just doesn't happen.  My mics were under my shirt for the first song because I forgot to hang them.  Then, I forgot to untie my hair, so the mics were showing all night, and I was standing right in front of Tool's sound engineer.  I'm surprised I remembered to flip the tapes.

I was stone cold sober.  Maybe that was my problem.

And it's not the "hometown" thing either.  I'm not from Anchorage, and I saw 8 shows on this tour in 2 weeks.  This one was different.  Maybe it's because the band was out of their element.  All they had for special effects were two projection screens behind the stage and a set of rented lights, with a rented PA system.  Hrm... I dunno.

This was also the first stop on my longest road trip, and one that definitely changed my attitude and woke my narrow ass up.  Letting this band kick you around for a couple weeks will do that for ya.

2009 Remaster.  When I got back from that trip, I didn't take enough time mastering the tapes, so I made mistakes.  I did weird things to this one with the EQ in '02, trying to make the mix sound better.  It didn't work... It just made certain frequencies bark too loud and cause hearing loss.  This version is far less tinkered, and a much better representation of what's on the tapes.

This is a great "atmosphere" tape.  When I tape shows, it's not only about the music for me.  It's about the people too, and the overall experience.  Two guys I remember well... One guy drifted by me before "Schism" who looked like he was in rapture lying on a cloud in heaven at this concert.  He blurted out "MAAAADNESSS" just as Justin started the song.  I thought he was gonna have a coronary.  Then there was the other guy who was just walking through the crowd, shaking everyone's hands, looking them right in the eyes, and yelling "YEAAAAAHHHHH!"  One guy wouldn't shake his hand.  He looked crushed.  You'll hear him during "Parabol."  

And, there was the ultra-cute little gal who stood next to me for the latter part of the first set.  We will ALL FORGIVE HER for singing along.  She was about 5-foot-1, and couldn't see a DAMN thing on the stage.

I've heard this has been on DIME before.  Some people thought that would piss me off.  Nah.  I did originally (sorta) hold back a couple of the Tool shows, hoping for a video from any of the 8 shows I caught on that tour... Ya know... In case I needed trade bait.  Well, it sounds like no videos ever popped so it didn't matter anyway.  Still looking... The dates are: 9/30/02, 10/6/02, 10/7/02, 10/8/02, 10/10/02, 10/11/02, 10/13/02, 10/15/02.

-D.P. ~ Igloo Graffiti ~ Fairbanks, Alaska
