Tool
Calgary, Alberta
Saddledome
October 7th, 2002

Sonic Studios DSM6/L -> PA-6LC2 -> Sony WMD-6 Cassette Deck

Master Tapes -> Tascam 112MKII -> Digital Audio Labs CardDeluxe (Nov. 2002)

DISC ONE:

1. Tuva/Adam
2. Sober
3. Grudge
4. Stinkfist
5. 46&2
6. Schism
7. Parabol/a
8. Opiate

DISC TWO:

1. Intermission
2. Disposition
3. Reflection
4. Triad
5. Lateralus
6. (exit)

I drove all the way to Calgary to see Tool?  Get the fuck out.

This is by request, and I forgot about him for months.  I'm a jerk.  As far as I know, this is the only source for this date.

Yeah... After the Anchorage show and some major automotive turmoil, my sister and I drove from Anchorage to Edmonton in 48 hours, stopping only once to sleep in Watson Lake, home of the Signpost Forest.  You should look that up.  It seems cheesy at first, but I think it's actually a nice example of tolerated anarchy.  Stolen signs from all over the planet end up there, and it's considered a landmark.  I love Canada.

Seriously.  Driving the Alcan Highway is absolutely worth it.  Just watch out for the deer at dusk.  And you might oughta not stop to sleep in a place called Toad River.  But that's another story, eh?

The next day, we rolled into Calgary, found the Saddledome and just kinda looked at it for a minute.  Yeeeeeehawww, that is one interesting piece of architecture.  (OK, that's not fair... They probably don't say "Yeehaw" in Canada.)

I went to the box office and found out they had released a bunch of tickets in the Air Canada section, which turned out to be the closest mezzanine section to stage left.  There were about a dozen PA speakers aimed right at my head and very few people around me.  Pretty good tape.

I still don't know why I decided to go see Tool a bunch of times that year.  It just kinda happened.

As for the analog sources, well... Yeah, the deck screwed up on me a few times over the course of the trip.  There was an intermittent mechanical problem with the tape path.  But if it had been a DAT, that mechanical problem probably would have crippled the machine and there would be no tapes at all.  That's the way I see it, anyway.  I like the old school sound.

Yes, the Sony D6 is retired now.  Rest assured, my recordings now sound exactly like everyone else's.  I bought an Edirol.  Joy.

Oh yeah... The girl to my left who knew all the songs was tall and blonde.  And with her boyfriend.  Heh.

~ D.P. ~ Igloo Graffiti