Tool
2006.05.15 
Detroit, MI, USA @ The Fox Theater

Source: DAT - Danish Pro Audio 4061 > MMA6030 > Sony PCM-M1 (Oade Mod II) 
Transfer: DAT-M > Tascam DA-20 > UXL24/96 > Goldwave
Taping Position: Row UU (under mezzanine) / Main Floor
Taper: Galen
Gen: collectiveunconscious.org Master Recording

Notes 2024: I seriously had not listened to this recording in 18 years. We were underneath the overhang and the bass was insanely loud throughout the entirety of the performance. Also, MJK’s vocals were low in the mix from where we were sitting. I would argue this is, one of if not the bassy-est concerts Tool concerts I’ve attended. A lot of the bass picked up in the recording is due to our seats; behind the board, again, under the overhang. In post, I spent a considerable amount of time using three software programs to ameliorate the drone of decibels of bass and even then am not 100% satisfied but it is ‘good enough’ in my opinion after significant bass reduction (it is still high on the low end). Although not bass-related, the entire recording did not help that the crowd all around us were extremely vocal throughout including singing, yelling, clapping, talking and line-dancing. As it is, this recording is as good as it is going to be so, there you go. Only upon relistening to this source did I recall that the two people to my left knew what CU.ORG was, some drunk guy high on pills knew me ‘from somewhere’ (as I recalled meeting him before but unsure where) and I spoke with Knobby who said he would save me a setlist in Toronto. More information at collectiveunconscious.org 

2024 Transfer Time: 1:49:46 

Lost Keys (Blame Hoffman)
Rosetta Stoned
Stinkfist

"Pistons are having a hard time with the Cavaliers tonight. I'm from Akron, having mixed feelings. Fuck the Clippers, Danny. I gotta be honest, we are all talking about, this is all football, right? I don't follow this shit. Pistons, Clippers... shhh, thank you so much." 

46 & 2

"We had a new album come out recently, thank you all for shelling out for that. For those of you that haven't picked it up yet,  please do so on your way out tonight, I'm adding a wing on the winery - and I do appreciate your support. (clears throat). You'd do the same for Liberace, wouldn't you. How about this one? Go Pistons." 

Jambi 
Schism
Right in Two
Sober

"Thank you very much for coming down. Thank you for allowing us to perpetuate the evil that is free-thought. I'd like to dedicate this set to, uh, Satan. Travel safely home"

Lateralus
Vicarious

"Droughts, floods, forest fires, torrential rains, the ruins - barring any of that, we'll see you in the late summer. "

Ænema
