Tool
Wednesday June 20, 2007
Peoria Civic Center
Peoria, Illinois
USA

Taper:     Ryan A (http://db.etree.org/potsy_monkey)
Location:  Floor (general admission), front of right stack ~50ft from stage
Source:    Danish Pro Audio 4061 mics > Danish Pro Audio MMA6000 preamp > Edirol R-09 (line in, 24bit/48kHz wav)
Transfer:  Edirol R-09 (SD flash card) > USB > wav @ 24bit/48kHz > Hard drive > Mastering (see below) > 
           CD Wave 1.95 (tracking) > Flac Frontend 1.7.1 (Level 6 Flac Compression) > Flac
Mastering: Done in Wavelab 5.0  
           - Hi pass filter at 95Hz using Waves LinEQ Broadband plugin 
           - Reduce crowd cheering/clap peaks, normalize, fades
           - For the the 16bit version: resample and dither (using Apogee's UV22 HR) to 16bit/44.1kHz
                       

Set (110:17)

01) Intro - Jambi
02) Stinkfist
03) Forty-Six & 2 intro
04) Forty-Six & 2
05) Schism intro
06) Schism
07) Lost Keys
08) Rosetta Stoned
09) Right in Two 
10) Intermission
11) Wings for Marie
12) 10,000 Days
13) Lateralus (extended jam in the middle with members of Melt Banana) 
14) Vicarious 


* DO NOT SELL THIS RECORDING UNDER ANY CIRCUMSTANCE.
** Do not compress to lossy formats (ie. mp3) and distribute.
*** When trading this around, please distribute only in original Flac format to preserve the generational integrity. 


Notes:
Honestly, this show sucked and so does the recording. Well, it's not terrible but I'm definitely disappointed with it. 
One of the top 3 worst Tool shows I've been to, possibly the worst. Everything about it was bad. A loud woohooing 
and generally obnoxious crowd. Overzealous gate security. And Tool's sound was complete crap. I've never heard it that 
bad. Justin's bass was a muddy, rumbling mess. Danny's bass drum distorted when kicked hard, and Maynard's vocals were 
so low they were inaudible at times. Lots of compression per usual on the sound too. Some of that is the venue, 
but a lot of that is on Knobby. No excuse for distortion and extreme level discrepencies (unless the low end on the
PA was actually blown). 

My recording brickwalls on the bass drum quite a few times, the most disappointing thing about it. I think the reason for
this is a combonation of two things. 1) The loud, rumbly bass and distortion on the kick drum coming from the PA. 
And 2) I ran my levels too close to 0db. I actually never ran over 0, the loudest peak was -0.3db. But lesson learned - 
you can still distort and brickwall without running your levels over 0db. I put a filter on the bass all the way up to 
95Hz in post-editing. It helped a little. 

Maynard was in a pissy, prima donna mood. Back to the crowd almost the entire night. An ass in the crowd threw something 
on stage during stinkfist - a shirt or cellphone maybe. It didn't hit him, just landed in front of him. He stopped singing 
the entire 2nd verse, picked up the object and said: "that's what you wanted right. You want me to pay attention to this
instead of sing. I can sing if you want. It's up to you." Later as Wings was starting, MJ announced "please no flash 
cameras on this song. No flash cameras please." Repeating it 3 or 4 times. Then stopped singing in the middle, and 
repeated again "no flash cameras." It may be annoying, but seriously if you make millions of dollars playing music for a 
living and can't handle people taking some pictures of you on an arena stage - you have problems.
