Tool - 2009.07.25
Nokia Theatre - Grand Prairie, TX, USA

taper: Karl Frinkle (specialK)
email: specialk@karlfrinkle.net
url: http://karlfrinkle.net

source: Church Audio CA-14 cardiods > Church Audio CA-9100 preamp > M-Audio MicroTrack 24/96 (@24/48)
location: Front row of section 403
transfer: M-Audio MicroTrack 24/96 > USB > WAV > Wavelab (mastering) > CD Wave (splitting) > FLAC
modifications: magik

disc 1 - 73:49 - Tool 
intro
Jambi
(-) ions/Maynard speaks
Stinkfist (extended)
Soundscape 1
Fourty-six & 2
Soundscape 2
Schism (extended)
Lost Keys (Blame Hoffman)
Rosetta Stoned
Flood
Maynard speaks 2
Ænema
Soundscape 3/fade out

disc 2 - 38:23 - Tool 
fade in/Soundscape 3
Lateralus
Maynard speaks
Soundscape 4
Vicarious
outtro

The Review: Got to the venue in plenty of time to make it through security, find seats, buy a t-shirt for the wife and get my gear all set up. Tweak Bird came on very close to 8:00 PM, played an interesting set for almost 30 minutes. I would definitely check them out again at a smaller venue for a lot less money. Tool came on at about 9:05, much to the delight of the crowd. Opening with Jambi is never a bad deal to get the crowd going, including the drunken morons in the row behind us. They played a tight set, taking a break after Ænema and then finishing off with the standard Lateralus + Vicarious. Maynard was quite playful this evening, even writing a parking violation ticket to the drummer of Tweak Bird after the drum off during Lateralus. When something went out on Adam's side of the stage near the end of the show, Maynard made some nifty sound effects to keep things going. All in all a great show, even with the standard set list. Having Flood and Ænema played made it acceptable for me. A special thanks to Stephan and Amy for hanging out with me all evening and driving my ass to the show.

The Recording: Can't complain, sounds fine to me, I am really love this Church-Audio setup! Most of the drunken idiot talk behind me stayed behind me and did not end up on the recording. There is still a little bit of bleed through on it, but nothing to get too annoyed at. I did pause the recording at intermission to start a fresh track, just in case they did, for some strange reason, go over the two hour mark, but nothing is missing except about 10 seconds of sound effects. 



