		t o o l - "the songs remain... the same"
	          july 29, 2009 - bojangles coliseum, charlotte, nc
			     
			  ITHIL MD-004
		               AUD (master MD)
		              taped by: geoffers
			

Sony ECM-719 Mic -> Sony MD recorder MZ-R37 -> Cool Edit Pro -> CDWave 
                 (File split) -> Trader's Little Helper (FLAC level 8 with MD5)

another great performance from the guys. a short summer tour, a continuation of 
the "10,000 days" tour from a couple of years ago, so a disappointment to some,
but not to me. my first time on the floor, maybe 100 feet back and to the right of 
adam, very close to the left stack, which thankfully drowned out most of the crowd
noise nearby. still, a couple of talkers and screamers, most notably a girl behind
me who "yelped" and "yipped" throughout much of the second half of the show 
(i was mostly able to minimize and/or remove her), but nothing too distracting...

i moved my mic after 'stinkfist' (due to a few people pushing their way to the front),
so you may hear some slight evidence of that at the beginning of "my shadow."
overall, i am greatly pleased with the sound of this, my first attempt at recording a 
tool show. probably my only one, due to the stress of getting the recorder in, but 
who knows? if they have one more album and tour in them, then i may get up the 
courage to try again... 

i named the instrumental intros and soundscapes just for my own satisfaction, so
please forgive me if they seem a little pretentious...



danny carey: drums and percussion, synthesizers
justin chancellor: bass guitars
adam jones: guitars and synthesizers
maynard james keenan: vocals and synthesizers

(guest drummer during "lateralus" - ashton leach, of tweak bird)


"...dim my eyes..." 			(2:08)
JAMBI 				(8:00)
"...ions..." 				( :43)
STINKFIST 			(6:19)
"...my shadow..." 			(1:38)
46 & 2 				(6:13)
"...the pieces fit..." 			(1:40)
SCHISM 				(7:52)
LOST KEYS (blame hoffman) 		(5:58)
ROSETTA STONED 			(12:18)

	        	       total time disc 1: 52:49

FLOOD 				(10:28)
AENEMA 				(8:57)
"...spiral..." 			(8:56)
LATERALUS 			(14:47)
"...the whole world dies..." 		(4:14)
VICARIOUS 			(8:03)

	        	       total time disc 2: 55:25



   ** QUALITY DISCLAIMER **

   i'm not a professional taper. i try to tape a show so that i have a
   memento of the event, to relive it when memory fails. therefore, my
   view of mini-disc recordings is favourable, because it's all that i
   have. i respect others' views about MD as they pertain to the issue
   of quality, but i do not use it to transfer or store music files or
   data. i use the MD as i would a tape recorder. my recordings aren't
   (and will never be) perfect. if you attended this show, i think you
   will enjoy this recording, if only the first time you listen to it.
   if the quality doesn't lend itself to further listenings, please do
   not keep it or share it. recommend it to others only if you like it
   enough to put it on every now and then. if you weren't at the show,
   then i hope i've captured it well enough that you may like what you
   hear, so that it will find its way into your player often enough to
   justify my efforts to share it. i decided to share this show when i
   became a member of the international echoes hub, because i wouldn't
   want to keep to myself music that could bring as much joy to others 
   as it does to me. i have already downloaded many wonderful concerts
   that i otherwise would never have heard, and i am most grateful for
   those few that are the shows i was able to attend long ago, but was
   not able to record at the time. i'm always hopeful that i'll happen
   upon another one today, and tomorrow, and that eventually i'll have
   a copy of every concert that i've ever attended. it's very unlikely
   that it will happen, but you never know! it's something to try for,
   at the very least. and i hope that this show will be someone else's
   unexpected find. but if not, then at least there's a chance that it
   will be something nice to listen to now and then...        geoffers 
         
						      END DATA STREAM: