TOOL 
RED ROCKS AMP
MORRISON, CO
JUNE 28 AND 29, 2010
TWISTER> 1/3 UP & Center
SCHOEPS>PCM-D50>2496>sOUNDFORGE>1644>CDWAVE>FLAC0

06.28.2010 - Denver, CO @ Red Rocks

Setlist:

Third Eye
Jambi
Stinkfst
Vicarious
EBA/Patient
Intolerance
Schism
46 & 2
Lateralus
Ænema

06.29.2010 - Denver, CO @ Red Rocks

Setlist:

Third eye
Jambi
Stinkfist
Vicarious
Intension
Right in Two
Schism
Flood
Lateralus w dalek
Ænema
 

TOOL - No Cameras or Bottles
Wednesday, June 30, 2010
IMPORTANT NOTICE: All cameras and video recorders are STRICTLY prohibited for this performance.  
Violators may be ejected from the Amphitheatre.  
In addition, the artist has request that NO BOTTLES be allowed into the amphitheatre.  
This is a change from our standard policies on Permitted/Prohibited items 
(http://www.redrocksonline.com/PUREENTERTAINMENT/PermittedItems.aspx)  
Thank you for your cooperation.


 

Visitor Information

If you think of Red Rocks Park as just a beautiful place to see a concert, think again! Around you are 868 acres of deer, dinosaurs, pines and prairie, geological wonders and spectacular vistas. At 6,450 feet above sea level, Red Rocks Park is a unique transitional zone where the Great Plains meet the Rocky Mountains. The diverse environment allows visitors to see plants, birds and animals of both regions.  Red Rocks Amphitheatre is a geological phenomenon – the only naturally-occurring, acoustically perfect amphitheatre in the world. From Sting and The Beatles, to opera stars and U2, every artist aspires to play on this magical, spiritual and emotional stage.

Red Rocks offers a variety of recreation options from guided tours, hiking, biking, shopping, dining and a summer concert series. Whatever your pleasure, enjoy discovering Red Rocks Park and Amphitheatre!
Red Rocks Stats & Info

Date Opened: June 15, 1941
Amphitheatre Seating Capacity: 9,450
Elevation: 6,450 ft
Red Rocks Mountain Park size: 640 acres
69 ROWS

FYI:  As someone who worked security at Tool's show in Rogers Arena, Vancouver, I'll tell you we received our marching orders from the band through their tour security.   It appeared they wanted to control their intellectual property and any records of the show included, completely.  Too many vid clips on YouTube from the last couple of  tours?  So the major concern was video gear and cameras.  It was a zero tolerance rule, period.  You got one warning and if caught again, you were evicted. Their lighting excluded follow spots and Maynard being the very opposite of rock band front man,  was backlit for the entire show - present on a set of upstage risers next to their video curtain.  The man simply didn't want to filmed or photographed.  

The photography ban didn't rule out busting tapers though so I'm relieved and glad that I didn't run into the taper of our concert, otherwise...  Likely, Jon D. got caught as security were sweeping the crowd for photographers and video tapers.

Also, it may not too long before we see a new Tool studio disc.  Justin Chancellor said a few weeks after this tour wraps (it's now done), they're heading into the studio, refining the base material they've already plotted out.   Look for it sometime next year. 