Tool
2010-07-18
Los Angeles, CA, USA @ The Nokia Theatre

Source: Solid State — ALD (Assisted Listening Device) > Edirol R-09
Transfer: Master File > USB > Goldwave (resample, EQ)
Location: Unknown
Taper: Anonymous
Gen: 0

2024 Notes on Recording: First and foremost, this recording and the sister ALD recording for the next night (2010-07-19) are the absolute best ALD’s I have ever heard. Stunning, really. The house ALD system at The Nokia Theatre was and maybe still is, simply highest quality? To boot, this is a fantastic ALD recording with zero drops. Both nights are, in actuality. The sound is exceptionally clear and has a considerable amount of depth which is rare for ALD’s particularly from 2010. To be clear, this is absolutely not an IEM recording. There is a filter on MJK’s vocals which is rather interesting it’s almost like a flange noticeable quite a bit on Third Eye and Schism. The low end of the spectrum is minimal at best however the clarity is exceptional particularly Adam’s guitar with it’s crystal clear tone. Even with some technical issues based on the source material, the overall quality of this recording is impressive.  Someone knew what they were doing. My own opinion is that the person who procured these most likely was an employee of the venue and would ‘record’ everything. For those who do not know or understand, taping a concert is not ‘easy’ and once you make the jump to dealing with Radio Frequency it becomes monumentally more difficult. Again, the taper know what they were doing. This is almost too perfect. 

Notes on Origin: I wish I had more information on the how/why/anything but the individual who procured both of these back to back Tool performances basically had no information to provide other than that the taper was not a Tool fan and would like to remain anonymous in regards to the two ALD’s of Tool. The taper (or in this case, his ‘broker’ if you will) was in fact an Oasis fan. So, we traded some of my unreleased Oasis Masters I had collecting dust and he hooked me up with these two fantastic ALD recordings, Quite a decent trade, everyone was happy as this took place over the Pandemic, maybe eight or nine months in. Now, this was originally tracked very weird which I fixed. Was told that these were sourced from the Master Files directly so I take it at words’ worth. All in all, I suspect you will find this to be a fantastic addition to your collection. More information at collectiveunconscious.org 

2024 Transfer Time: 1:56:25

Third Eye 
(Dr Timothy Leary)
Jambi
(-) Ions
Stinkfist
Vicarious
Right In Two
Flood
Schism
Forty-Six and Two
Lateralus 
(w/ Gino Barboni of Rajas)
Ænema
