Tool
2012.01.24
Toledo, OH, USA @ Huntington Center

Source: DAT — Nakamichi CM-300 (omni) > Sony PCM-M1 (Oade Mod II) @ 48 kHz
Transfer: DAT-M > Tascam DA-20 > Coaxial > Audiophile 24/96 > Goldwave (resample)
Location: Dead Center, Front of Board in middle of venue / seating
Taper: The Collective (Galen, MITAPER78)
Gen: collectiveunconscious.org Master Recording

Notes 2024: Realized that this source has never seen the light of day thus we spent sometime to do a fresh transfer and EQ of the raw audio. This was the only known recording of a Tool show with Nakamichi CM-300 microphones (that I am aware of) which is kind of cool. The microphones used were unmodified meaning they are the full-length shotgun style microphones thus getting just the NAKS inside the venue was a harrowing task but with a little black magic, anything is possible. The Nakamichi CM-300's used were given to me by own father who used them to record not only the jazz bands he was in circa late 1970's but also other bands he recorded on reel-to-reel thus this source is sentimental to me. I literally worked on this particular performance/source in the year 2024 on the 24th of January; exactly 12 years post this performance and source just a few days after I got back from seeing Tool in Hollywood, FL with my good buddy RJB on the 18 and 19 of January. Time is crazy like that. Life is crazy like that. I will say, this setlist particular remains as one of my favorites I was lucky enough to experience. The recording has more nuanced textures than vibrancy. Some instances of movement, the crowd was nuts at this show but nothing too crazy. After this pull I thought to myself 'that was fun but once was enough' as it was quite the challenge to use those microphones both on a stealth level while also making sure they are able to access the sound. As it is, here it is. More information at collectiveunconscious.org 

2024 Transfer Time: 1:45:28

Hooker With A Penis)
Jambi
(-) Ions
Stinkfist
Vicarious
Ticks & Leeches
Pushit
Schism
Intension
Forty-Six & 2
Lateralus
(w/Danny Walker)
Ænema

