Tool Live at Planet Hollywood, Las Vegas 3/15/2014Setlist: (Part One) Hooker with a PenisForty-Six and Two New Jam Segue Schism Sober + Extended Breakdown IntensionLateralus + jam in the middle ------12 minute intermission----(Part Two) Danny’s Drum Solo (B’Boom and extra noodling) JambiOpiate w. Extended BridgeAenemaStinkfist Recorded with an I-phone 4s using the voice memo app. Sat in the “VIP” section, which is somewhat up close. Basically one level above the pit Notes about the show: The show was pretty great; the recordings do not do justice to how clear and how great the band sounded that night, not by a long shot. Plus I was next to this very annoying family who would not stop talking throughout the show. One of them spilled beer and complained, causing a guy to come clean it up. Security was VERY good that night, meaning it was very hard to do anything with an electronic device. I’m happy I snagged the whole show, despite its lack of good quality, since youtube has been lacking from this show. I watched a woman in front of me get taken out of the show for filming with her phone. The band was very tight, as always. Highlights for me were:- the segue into schism, the new material in 7 that they’ve been jamming on this tour; so exciting to hear new material - Intension; Justin’s bass tone was incredible, the harmonics were great; Adam’s Synth intro was fantastic, really a moment of bliss- The Bass solo Justin did during Sober, that was pretty awesome - The bridge/extended jam during Lateralus- The drum solo was great, I don’t think a single person in the room knew what time signature Danny was playing in - Opiate was fantastic, I even saw Maynard get into it, I remember watching him point his finger up and move his hands up to motion the sound guys to turn his vocals up, such a great feeling watching that, it makes you think that he actually gives a shit. Funny thing was, Maynard forgot/fucked up some of the lyrics to Opiate; I was really glad to see him having fun though and getting into it - Opiate extension, I don’t know if it’s new material or just an Opiate extension since the notes for opiate and this extended part are very similar, but still very good sounds coming from Adam and Justin and Danny on this one. Adam really enjoyed playing his synth on this one. - Don’t get me wrong, the other songs were great too - Overall, Maynard seemed pretty into it that night; even if he wasn’t, I still would have enjoyed the music- It doesn’t translate well through the recording (recording doesn’t do it justice), but the sound was crystal clear from where I sat. Nonetheless, I left the show very satisfied (unlike a lot of Tool fans nowadays). I thought they would never play songs like Hooker, Opiate ever again, let alone demo new material. 