Tool
March 9th, 2014
Reno Event Center
Reno, NV

--

Source:
Wireless Receiver > Cords > Recorder @ 24bit/44.1k

Mixed and Mastered by Hoserama 
Mixed in Neundo 4, using extra waves & izotope plug-ins 
Dithered using Izotope MBIT+
Flac'ed using Trader's Little Helper 
Mix Version 4

--

Setlist:
01 Intro
02 Third Eye
03 Vicarious
04 Schism
05 Pushit
06 Intension
07 Lateralus
[Intermission - Cut]
08 B'Boom
09 Jambi
10 46&2
11 Aenema
12 Stinkfist

--

Recording Notes:
Single wireless recording of Tool. I did some manipulation with the stereo field to bring out more of the band in addition to a variety of other tricks, thought it sounds pretty even. It's not a perfect mix, but pretty solid. No audience recording to mix with that I know of, but if anybody has one and would like to contribute, drop me a line. Vocals are pretty dynamic going from loud to soft frequently. Guess that's the nature of Tool.

Show Notes:
Another setlist very similar to most of what they're playing for the last ~6 years. I'm not a huge Tool fan, but I've caught them 4-5 times when they come through every couple of years. Oh well, guess you just have to accept short and static setlists with this band. And this tour at least they've rotated a few songs. 

I will call BS on their VIP package, which included a band Q&A and then soundcheck. Thumbs down on a band (or at least the lead singer) that charges $500 for soundcheck/Q&A package and the lead singer doesn't even join in for soundcheck. Mind you, Maynard was at the band soundcheck shortly before they let in all the VIP folks. He sang for a 30 minutes soundcheck and then scrammed when the vIP people where rolling in. Pretty lame in my book. 

--

Thanks to DMonkey for keeping me company when I was getting frustrated setting everything up! Eventually got everything squared away. And the alcohol!

--

Please don't sell this recording in any way - no cash for blanks, 2:1s, or any other form of "getting paid for your time". Just share it freely. Or press to vinyl and sell as collectors item.

Please don't convert from mp3 back to wave and trade around. This stuff is too easy to find on torrents now. 

Please do not attempt to remaster/remix this recording and spread it around. This has been heavily processed, and if you want to do your own mix, go get the wireless recordings (good luck) and do it yourself from scratch. 

Also, please don't torrent on other sites without at least dropping me a line and asking. I may want to just torrent it there myself. Please ask (and wait for permission!) before putting it in any matrix + video. If you ask nicely I will likely say yes.
