Tool - 2016.10.28
Verizon Arena - North Little Rock, AR, USA
Version 2

media type: FLAC
source: dpa4061s > MMA6000 > Sony PCM-M10 (@24/96) > 0 gen FLAC
taper: geordy

disc 1 - 14 tracks - 103:36

notes: Recorded from Section 221, Row 22.  I deleted out approximately 12:35 from the intermission.  You really don't want to listen to neognosis and I ramble on about the guy sleeping in the seat next to us, drugs, and Maynard's Dick at 24/96.  Special thanks to specialk for performing his "magik" and making this sound better than it probably should.  And special thanks to Garrett for helping get all of our gear inside (that was a nice catch!)

When this round of shows was announced specialk and I decided to meet up as Little Rock is close to halfway between us.  I grabbed a pair of tickets with filming in mind.  We were off to the side and it turned out there were no supplemental speakers pointed off our way so the sound suffered a little.  I wasn't too worried about it because I knew at least two to four other tapers were there.  We had great seats for filming and I filmed the shit out of it until Schism when I took a break and just let the camera sit in my lap fixed on the stage when I noticed that the letters "STBY" were barely visible behind the black tape of the cover I'd made for the LCD screen.  So I hit record and started actually filming just before Opiate.  Towards the end of Opiate I thought I saw security coming up the aisle towards us so I stopped recording for a couple seconds, started again when I realized it was a false alarm.  Get in touch if you want to sync this up with specialk's audio and put it out there for everyone, the raw files are just sitting on my computer.  

Despite knowing specialk for 14 years at the time, this was only my second time to get to tape and hang out with him.  Got to finally meet ToolDVN and ended up joining him in Nashville a little over a week later to attend the premier of Maynard's book tour.  Also got to hang out with fellow tapers MeddleEarth and Shane though they were more focused on enjoying the show than taping.  Wish we could have gotten more people to meet up but I'd say we did a good job of annoying our neighbors at the hotel all the same with people from Oregon, Oklahoma, Missouri, Ohio, Tennessee, and North Carolina.