Tool
BOK Center, Tulsa, Oklahoma
January 30th, 2022


BLONDE REDHEAD LINEUP:
Kazu Makino - Vocals, Guitar, Bass, Keyboards
Amedeo Pace - Guitar, Bass
Simone Pace - Drums, Keyboards

TOOL LINEUP:
Maynard James Keenan - Vocals
Adam Jones - Guitar and Keyboards
Justin Chancellor - Bass Guitar
Danny Carey - Drums and Keyboards


BR Setlist:
Falling Man
Bipolar
Elephant Woman (Not Recorded)
Spring And By Summer Fall
Doll Is Mine
Dr. Strangeluv
Unknown Track
23

Tool Setlist:
Fear Inoculum
Opiate
The Pot
Pushit
Pneuma
The Grudge
The Patient
Descending
Hooker With A Penis
Chocolate Chip Trip
Culling Voices
Invincible

LINEAGE:
Shure MV88 > IPhone7 > WAV from MOTIV Audio App > FLAC in
Audacity (Amplification, tracking, slight EQ) > You

Comments:
For some time I thought I would never see Tool, but when
the tour was delayed, and then I was able to get my own source
of income, I suddenly had hope which paid off when one of these
2022 dates included my home state. Special thanks to my dad who
despite not knowing too much about this band came with me so I
could actually go. It was an amazing first concert and first Tool show
which I will never forget. I'm well aware the quality on this
recording is not stellar, but considering it's three firsts
 all at the same time I hope those listening can understand. 

My choice of mic was partially because of saving money, but
also because I heard a 2021 King Crimson
show recorded with this mic, and it sounded great. Obviously
it being my first attempt, paranoia and inexperience led me
to keep the mic at about neck level so the clarity can vary.
The Blonde Redhead set was great but during Elephant Woman I
had to take the chance to go to a quiet place in the venue and
see how my recording sounded. I should've trusted myself because
I didn't have to adjust any of the settings. During the Tool
show itself my enthusiasm is also a bit too present, but I at least
shut up for the music (mostly).


I didn't do much work on the audio in Audacity, just
boosting the volume/the bass slightly and splitting
the tracks. Therefore I have included the unedited
WAV files in this download, so anyone who feels they
can do a better job (I bet so) could give it a shot.


Please enjoy, don't sell (no one will buy this crap),
and don't share in MP3.