Tool
2022-01-15
Golden 1 Sacramento
Sacramento, CA

Taper: TJ (http://ratm.live)
Taping Location: Section 219 (far left of stage)
Lineage: Schoeps MK4s > Babynbox > PCM-A10
Transfer: WAV > Audacity > FLAC
Length: 2:14:16

Setlist:

1. Litanie contre la Peur
2. Fear Inoculum
3. Opiate (Happy Birthday Interlude)
4. The Pot
5. Pushit
6. Pneuma
7. The Grudge
8. Right In Two
9. Descending
10. Hooker With a Penis
(Intermission)
11. Chocolate Chip Trip
12. Culling Voices
13. Invincible

I have several people to thank for making this recording happen. First of all, a huge, huge, HUGE thanks to Daspyknows for letting me borrow his Babynbox + Actives to tape this show. I'm eagerly awaiting for my own set to come in but due to parts shortages there's been a delay so he was kind enough to let me borrow it for the Sacramento and San Francisco shows and I'm so glad that I used the MK4s both nights to tape given the setlists. I'd like to extend another thanks to schoepsenbox for reaching out to Daspyknows to ask if I could borrow his rig as without that it wouldn't have happened. And finally, I'd like to extend a thanks to hoserama for buying the tickets in the first place. Unfortunately he wasn't able to attend but I was able to hold down the fort.

This was a great show. Tool played mainly deep cuts and sounded incredible throughout. "Culling Voices" was given it's maiden voyage and for the performance the entire band sat down near the edge of the stage to play it and Danny actually played guitar for part of it. Maynard sounded awesome and did the roar during "The Grudge" which IMO was the highlight of the show.

This recording goes out to the fine folks behind The Tool Drive Project (https://tooldriveproject.net/) who run an awesome resource dedicated to chronicling Tool recordings. They've been incredibly helpful in getting the Rage live archive off the ground. If you have any recordings of Tool or know anyone that taped Tool please reach out to them!

And finally, I run a Rage Against the Machine live archive. If you have any recordings of Rage, or know anyone that taped Rage, please get in touch!
