Tool
2022-01-16
Chase Center
San Francisco, CA

Taper: TJ (http://ratm.live)
Taping Location: Section 104 (stage right)
Lineage: AT853s > SP-SPSB-10 > ICD-UX560
Transfer: WAV > Audacity > FLAC
Length: 2:06:27

Setlist:

1. Litanie contre la Peur
2. Fear Inoculum
3. Sober
4. The Pot
5. Pushit
6. Pneuma
7. The Grudge
8. Right In Two
9. Descending
10. Hooker With a Penis
(Intermission)
11. Chocolate Chip Trip
12. Culling Voices
13. Invincible

I actually ran two rigs in Sacramento and San Francisco: one using MK4s and the other AT83s. Since it was my first time running the Babynbox I wanted a backup in case things failed so I brought the rig I've been using and wired it up to a shitty voice recorder we had in the house so if needed I could fail over quickly. I did NOT realize that the recorder did dynamic adjustment so as a result this recording sounds kind of flat. I'd recommend everyone grab my MK4 source, this is really for collector's only.

Tool put on a fabulous performance as always. Same setlist as the night before but with one notable difference: Sober. It was unreal to hear Sober performed for the first time in four years and they sounded great performing it. Hoping it stays in the setlist and that they continue to rotate through some deeper cuts and songs that they haven't played in a few years.

I went with my partner to this show and we spent too much time at Gott's outside the venue before going in and all I can say is that we put the Lit in Litanie contre la Peur. You can hear us chatting between songs but I didn't feel like editing it out. We have a deal that if she comes to a show with me and I'm taping we can chat between songs. She actually helped me film film the show in 4K which was great. We did have a pretty rowdy group behind us that you can hear screaming at points but it's only really noticeable between songs. If someone wants to give this recording a work over to eliminate both feel free!

This recording goes out to the fine folks behind The Tool Drive Project (https://tooldriveproject.net/) who run an awesome resource dedicated to chronicling Tool recordings. They've been incredibly helpful in getting the Rage live archive off the ground. If you have any recordings of Tool or know anyone that taped Tool please reach out to them!

And finally, I run a Rage Against the Machine live archive. If you have any recordings of Rage, or know anyone that taped Rage, please get in touch!
