Tool
2022-01-16
Chase Center
San Francisco, CA

Taper: TJ (http://ratm.live)
Taping Location: Section 104 (stage right)
Lineage: Schoeps MK4s > Babynbox > PCM-A10
Transfer: WAV > Audacity > FLAC
Length: 2:07:04

Setlist:

1. Litanie contre la Peur
2. Fear Inoculum
3. Sober
4. The Pot
5. Pushit
6. Pneuma
7. The Grudge
8. Right In Two
9. Descending
10. Hooker With a Penis
(Intermission)
11. Chocolate Chip Trip
12. Culling Voices
13. Invincible

I have two people to thank for making this recording happen. First of all, a huge, huge, HUGE thanks to Daspyknows for letting me borrow his Babynbox + Actives to tape this show. I'm eagerly awaiting for my own set to come in but due to parts shortages there's been a delay so he was kind enough to let me borrow it for the Sacramento and San Francisco shows and I'm so glad that I used the MK4s both nights to tape given the setlists. I'd like to extend a second thanks to schoepsenbox for reaching out to Daspyknows to ask if I could borrow his rig as without that it wouldn't have happened.

Tool put on a fabulous performance as always. Same setlist as the night before but with one notable difference: Sober. It was unreal to hear Sober performed for the first time in four years and they sounded great performing it. Hoping it stays in the setlist and that they continue to rotate through some deeper cuts and songs that they haven't played in a few years.

I went with my partner to this show and we spent too much time at Gott's outside the venue before going in and all I can say is that we put the Lit in Litanie contre la Peur. You can hear us chatting between songs but I didn't feel like editing it out. We have a deal that if she comes to a show with me and I'm taping we can chat between songs. She actually helped me film film the show in 4K which was great. We did have a pretty rowdy group behind us that you can hear screaming at points but it's only really noticeable between songs. If someone wants to give this recording a work over to eliminate both feel free!

This recording goes out to the fine folks behind The Tool Drive Project (https://tooldriveproject.net/) who run an awesome resource dedicated to chronicling Tool recordings. They've been incredibly helpful in getting the Rage live archive off the ground. If you have any recordings of Tool or know anyone that taped Tool please reach out to them!

And finally, I run a Rage Against the Machine live archive. If you have any recordings of Rage, or know anyone that taped Rage, please get in touch!
