Tool
2022.02.10
Miami, FL, USA @ FTX Arena

Source: Solid State — ALD (Assisted Listening Device) > Sony A10
Transfer: Master File > USB > Goldwave (resample, EQ)
Location: Stage-Left, Bowl Seating
Taper: The Collective (MITAPER78, Anon, ITS1984)
Gen: collectiveunconscious.org Master Recording

2024 Notes: This ALD (Assisted Listening Device) box was provided to, let’s call him as he prefers to be referenced as, Anon (but as long as you don’t tell him he’s on the ‘Net his name is RJB and he doesn’t even have a FB page or YouTube account and only scrolls Porn Hub for the news articles), at the customer service department of the venue. Took a risk, gave them his drivers license in exchange for an ALD pack. Risky shit, arguably. This is essentially a massive bonus and absolutely unexpected, at the time, literally, because the box was acquired as the show started. It is incomplete as the source starts about halfway at Fear Inoculum. Although this could have been released fully with all of FI, the stuff EQ’d out was done so for a reason as during FI, Anon had some issue finding the sweet spot for a minute but that is a different story.  This source is not  perfect but it is relatively cool and somewhat unique; arguably rarer than IEM recording/s of Tool - because ALD systems are venue dependent and rely on all sorts of various factors. Although not a perfectly flawless recording, on one side you have random spots of what sounds like radio frequency flutter that interferes briefly, and other times when it sounds like someone is tapping glass directly in your ear; that is how clear it can be. Even with some random and annoying drops, this is nonetheless worth checking out. Does it work as a stand alone? Yes. It absolutely does. However, in true ALD fashion, there is little to no low end but you sure would be hard pressed to find a clearer recording of vocals and high end. 

Note 2: Most ALD recordings have an inversion in the WAV file. This issue has been corrected on this source. 

More information at collectiveunconscious.org 

2024 Transfer Time: 2:12:24

Fear Inoculum (incomplete)
Opiate
The Pot
Pushit
Pneuma
The Grudge
Eon Blue Apocalypse
The Patient
Descending
Hooker With a Penis
Intermission
Chocolate Chip Trip
Culling Voices 
Invincible 
