Tool
2024.02.10
Phoenix, AZ, USA @ Footprint Center

Source: Solid State — Marantz EM-8 > Sony A10
Transfer: Master File > USB > Goldwave (resample, EQ)
Location: Suite, Microphone on Balcony in Suite under a Hat
Taper: The Collective: “MItaper78, JB, Anon, Mae, JB, LW”
Gen: collectiveunconscious.org Master Recording

Source: Notes - Recording: Marantz EM-8 recordings are rather uncommon. One of the reasons is they are quite difficult to use, are not manufactured for a few decades (i.e.: definition of a vintage microphone) and  are extremely vulnerable to low end as they are housed in an aluminum shell. The other side of the coin is that they can yield extremely cool results and this is one of those examples where it came together to deliver a solid AUD recording without being totally manhandled throughout which would lead to a massive amount of noise. There are a couple instances of minimal microphone movement during the opening of Rosetta Stoned, during the ‘Lost Keys’ bit, which is unfortunate but it is what it is. Some minimal, exuberant ‘Toooool’ yells from a friend in the Suite. Other than that, there is virtually no movement as no one touched the microphone as, here is a hint, it was underneath a hat on a the balcony. Marantz EM-8 microphones are extremely picky as if you breath on it weird, you will hear it on the recording. This microphone is of the same vintage as 1997-02-14 in Paris, France — widely considered a legendary recording. Although this is quite a decent recording, this is perhaps not of legendary status. It is amazing what an antique or vintage microphone is able to capture when used properly. No EQ was done to this recording and released, after resample to 44.1 kHz, as-is. This is not a Front of Stack recording and is from a distance however the Marantz EM-8 really performed well under these circumstances. Also, was told that absolutely no one in the suite knew that any recording was going on (this was verified by the host). More information at collectiveunconscious.org 

CSB Time: 2:20:05

Fear Inoculum 
The Pot
Lost Keys (abridged)
Rosetta Stoned
Pnuema
Intolerance
Descending
(Alternate Version - Debut)
The Grudge
Intermission
Chocolate Chip Trip
Flood
Invincible
Schism
