Tool
2024.01.19
Hollywood, FL, USA @ Hard Rock Live at Seminole Hard Rock Hotel & Casino Hollywood

Source: DAT — Core Sound Binaural > Sony PCM-M1 (Oade Mod II) @ 48 kHz
Transfer: DAT-M > Tascam DA-20 > Coaxial > UXL 24/96 > Goldwave (EQ/resample)
Location: Row N, Floor - Dead Center
Taper:  The Collective: “MItaper78, RJB AKA Anon, ITS1954, JB”
Gen: collectiveunconscious.org Master Recording

Notes on CSB Recording: This is a mildly brick walled recording due to bass overload and the taper not checking proper levels. Is it terrible? I do not think so but as are many things in life, it is in the eye of the beholder. Had the levels been not so darn hot, I think this could have been a relatively slick recording. It’s not that bad though. Any source better than no source, right? What is interesting, you can hear just how f-ing close it was for ITS1984 to make it to the seat on time. Literally, as he leaves the bathroom, you can hear the heartbeat intro start. That is really, really close. A simple adjustment in bass roll off would have fixed this issue, however, the taper was held up by extraneous factors effecting entrance into the Hard Rock including at least six other fanciful rationale. Thus, the act of activating this source was a rapid process from quickly gearing up and rapidly rushing to the seat. The taper had the levels set a wee bit too hot and did not check the levels due to the presence of security proximity. For various reasons, this show as the first time some of these tapers had actually ever seen the full performance of Fear Inoculum despite recording Tool numerous times during the FI era. This particular performance of Flood is beyond cool; probably the best rendition I’ve ever heard. MJK nails ‘the’ screams on Rosetta Stoned as well as on The Grudge. In fact, we were watching MJK before the scream in The Grudge and it was quite amusing. Right before the scream, he takes a step back away from the microphone, goes to the side, takes a sip of water, looks and points at someone stage-right, pretends to have a conversation while gesturing like “hang on a second I gotta answer this phone call” type of energy then calmly steps to the microphone and just belts out a scream straight of 2001. More information at collectiveunconscious.org 

Time: 2:12:19

Fear Inoculum  
The Pot
Lost Keys (abridged)
Rosetta Stoned
Pnuema
Intolerance
Descending
The Grudge
Intermission
Chocolate Chip Trip
Flood
Invincible
Schism
