Tool
2024.02.09
Phoenix, AZ, USA @ Footprint Center

Source: Solid State — Aiwa CM-30 > Sony A10
Transfer: Master File > USB > Goldwave (resample, EQ)
Location: Stage-Left, Floor Seating
Location: Front of Stack - Stage Right, Floor, 1st Row and Mid Floor x 2
Taper: The Collective: “MItaper78, JB, Anon, Mae, JB, LW”
Gen: collectiveunconscious.org Master Recording

Source A - Aiwa CM-30: Taper wanted to use some vintage microphones for the back-to-back Tool shows at Footprint Center in Phoenix, AZ which were used by other tapers during different eras of the band on tour, for example. S.D. used Aiwa CM-30 back in 1993 for his legendary Tool run in September and October throughout France. I am sentimental. That said, this attempt at pulling off anything on the level of S.D. is laughable; not even close. There is an issue one should take note of whilst using vintage microphones; there may very well be some technical issues if you use them in a stealth manner. The taper used these in an open environment and they were fine but they could barely handle a Tool show. Truth is, these Aiwa CM-30 microphones were last used for Tool in Grand Rapids, MI circa 7/2007. These Aiwa CM-30 mics apparently are very fussy; both channels do not ‘cut-out’ but there is a connection not being made, randomly, which brings the audio quality down a bit. When you multitask, there are always issues. To add, flew in to Phoenix that day and barely made it to the show with enough time thus we were considerably rushed as we were all late. My own biased and subjective opinion is that the Aiwa CM-30 certainly did not handle itself efficiently and effectively as the connection issues make it not great for the most part When it is good, it is good. Basically, FI is not included on this recording just for sake of completeness as it was really distorted due to something with the input, however, it was recorded. Old microphones. Part of Jambi is just ‘cchhhhhtttt’ for that period of time; this was edited to be as an enjoyable listening experience as possible but no one wants to hear static. Best to just skip over that part. Plus the beginning was taped in the bathroom stall. From Jambi to the second half of Pnuema, the sound is clear but very hollow as there was something with the connection to the recorder not being made correctly (but no static). Once the connection is made, and it takes some in/out to get the connection stable, the sound improvement jumps up considerably. I am not saying this is a collector’s only item but I can see how some would feel that way. There are some positives (feel free and check out the recording of Sweat - I think it sounds pretty rad actually) but the random channel issues and being in the bathroom for FI are a bummer and particularly to me, annoying. Intermission was cut on this source. More information at collectiveunconscious.org  More information at collectiveunconscious.org 

Time: 1:47:30

Fear Inoculum (distorted, not included, intentionally missing)
Jambi (distortion is cut, fade-in)

Lost Keys (abridged)
Rosetta Stoned
Pnuema
Sweat
Descending
The Grudge
Intermission
Chocolate Chip Trip
Culling Voices
Invincible
Stinkfist
