Tool
2024.01.18
Hollywood, FL, USA @ Hard Rock Live

Source: DAT — Core Sound Binaural > Sony PCM-M1 (Oade Mod II) @ 48 kHz
Transfer: DAT-M > Tascam DA-20 > Coaxial > UXL 24/96 > Goldwave (EQ/resample)
Location: Orchestra - Center
Taper:  The Collective: “MItaper78, RJB, ITS1954, JB, Anon”
Gen: collectiveunconscious.org Master Recording

Notes: Slightly incomplete CSB > M1 recording due to logistical issues such as multi-tasking alternative sources, airlines, congestion of Florida roads and the overwhelming prevalence of alligators. Missing FI. You can hear the taper, exasperated, trying to get to his seat in-between FI and Jambi only to be told by staff that he needs to go to “the other section 114”. Nice.  Overall, this is a basic and accurate representation of what would be expected from CSB mics with a 22+ life would sound like. Omni’s from a distance sound like, you know, omni’s from a distance as the sound is picked up from all directions - the main reason why stack tapes are the best for omni microphones. Not the case here. Sound is clean enough and balanced for the most part but I am positive that there will be better overall recordings out there. This is a fun little audience recording though it is certainly not a Front of Stack recording. These microphones were last used at other Tool shows since ~2002. The performance of this show was wonderful although Adam seemed to miss a few notes but only an entitled tool would note that fact. MJK did not hit ‘the scream in Rosetta Stoned’ but nailed it on ‘The Grudge’. The version of Stinkfist performed has mild differences than other such as a nuanced intro. What MJK whispers into the mic is: “spend my dollar, spend it, listener, spend my, dollar, spend your dollars, keeno, keeno, keeno” (referring one would assume to the Casino that adjoins the Hard Rock Live venue). At the end of the song he says: “take my, take my, take my advice about Stinkfist and gambling and dollar lobster sandwiches”. Speaking of which, beautiful venue and amazing acoustics wonderful place to see a concert. More information at collectiveunconscious.org 

Time: 1:55:16

Fear Inoculum  
(missing)

Jambi
Lost Keys (abridged)
Rosetta Stoned
Pnuema
Sweat
Descending
The Grudge
Intermission
Chocolate Chip Trip
Culling Voices
Invincible
Stinkfist
