1992.XX.XX – The Sylvia Massy Outtakes
Recorded at Sound City Studios in Van Nuys, CA. USA

“Bottom”  

Source: Sound Board Studio Recording > DAT-M
Transfer: DAT-M > UXL 2496 > Tascam DA 20 MKII > Coaxial > Audiophile 24/96 > Goldwave
Taper: Sylvia Massey
Transfer/Gen: collectiveunconscious.org Master Recording

Notes 2025: First and foremost, there are at minimal three transfers of this: Sylvia Massy, cu.org and the individual associated with Tool Drive Project who I traded with to ascertain this DAT-M sourced recording you now have. I am a sucker for physical media what can I say? Many collectors view only the information collected on the physical masters, whatever format be it VHS, DVD, Solid State, Analog or DAT as important, which is true, however, there is something cool about having a physical Master DAT tape which was actually in the studio. This is why pictures are available for these tapes. This has been floating around friends and fans of TDP/CU.ORG for a spell since at least 2020 (when Sylvia Massey sold a bunch of really rare items). There is a pervasive and repeating ‘click’ sound which in actuality is most likely an issue with tape degrade than anything else as it is not something an engineer would want during a recording session. It is minor but worth noting. There are several minutes of silence which is somewhat of a bummer but it is what it is. What to expect? Working versions of "Bottom" ripe with banter throughout the session. There are instances where a snippet of a version is recorded and then silence... This is due to my hypothesis that this tape was in fact a working production master something more common in practice for the era then many would suspect. 

I will make one simple request. Please, for the love of whatever deity, do not mess with this recording and 'sonically improve it by using X, Y or Z' just leave it alone and enjoy it as it should be: Something from the past you were never supposed to listen to; this is a recording literally sourced from a DAT tape with an age of at minimal 33 years of age (from being recorded on, not even talking production of said tape). There are instances of studio silence which was not removed to keep this as a true DAT transfer.

Notes 2025 II: So, why release this now or ever? Ideally, one or more of the of the more than 50+ people who bought Tool stuff from Sylvia Massy at the height of the Covid Pandemic (i.e. November 2000) will realize that what you have is rare. Awesome. It would potentially be awesome to share it with the Tool community which is why CU.ORG released three Massy tapes which is, as of March 2025, three more than anyone else has. Come on, I spent a ton of money on stuff from Massy just like you did... And this is CU.ORG is offering for support for release of more Massy tapes... So? 

More information at collectiveunconscious.org 

DAT Tape Time: 49:56

Bottom 
(run through 1)

Bottom
(false start)

Bottom
(run through 2)
 *Amazing scream by MJK
* At end sings “Get outttttt”

Bottom
(Various snippets, sounds like engineer was flipping through recorded mixes to listen)

Bottom
(complete)

Bottom
(Drum Only)



