Our Lady Peace
2010-05-22
Royal Theatre
Victoria, BC, CA

Source: DPA4060 > MMA6000 > Tascam DR-07 (@24bit/48kHz)
By: faninor

Transfer: DR-07 (WAV) > USB > Adobe Audition (mastering) > CD Wave (track splits) > FLAC frontend (FLAC)
By: faninor

-- Setlist --
Disc 1: Spiritual Machines Set
01 - intro
02 - R.K. Molly
03 - R.K. Intro
04 - Right Behind You (Mafia)
05 - R.K. 2029
06 - In Repair
07 - intro to Life
08 - Life
09 - Middle of Yesterday
10 - Are You Sad?
11 - R.K. 2029 (part 2)
12 - Made to Heal
13 - R.K. 1949-97
14 - Everyone's a Junkie
15 - R.K. on Death
16 - All My Friends
17 - If You Believe
18 - intro to The Wonderful Future
19 - The Wonderful Future
20 - R.K. Molly

Disc 2: Hits Set
01 - intro
02 - Monkey Brains
03 - Innocent
04 - Superman's Dead
05 - Clumsy
06 - One Man Army
07 - intro to Paper Moon
08 - Paper Moon
09 - Escape Artist
10 - Is Anybody Home?
11 - Naveed/Kids
12 - All You Did Was Save My Life
13 - encore
14 - interlude (nice memory to take into the studio)
15 - 4am
16 - Dreamland
17 - Starseed
18 - Creep (soundcheck clip)
19 - Man in the Box (soundcheck clip)
20 - Interstate Love Song (soundcheck clip)

-- Notes --
length: 2:00:51
16 bit version.

I was first introduced to Our Lady Peace's music right around the time Spiritual Machines was released. They quickly became my favorite band, and it was my favorite album. But I was young and we lived far from any big cities so I never had a chance to see them play live until the tour for Gravity, after Mike Turner and Jamie Edwards had been replaced by Steve Mazur and Mike Eisenstein. I was lucky to hear 4 of the 5 Spiritual Machines songs that the band performed on tour for Gravity. During a show at the WOW Hall in Eugene, Oregon during November, 2002, I even heard The Wonderful Future live. This song was never attempted on the Spiritual Machines tour, but played at a handful of shows that month after a campaign of fan requests. That concert prompted me to invest in a microphone and a minidisc recorder and start taping. You never know what may happen...

I was beyond delighted when the Clumsy/Spiritual Machines tour was announced. Victoria was the obvious choice for me. Last stop on the tour, near the US border so I would have the option of domestic flights, remote location so good tickets would not be difficult to get, and a beautiful city. Clumsy is the bigger hit, so when tickets went on sale I knew I would be better off searching first for the Spiritual Machines show. It was just too good to pass up when I pulled front row, one seat away from dead center.

So get your headphones ready and I will share my ears with you to experience Our Lady Peace front and center on the last night of an incredible tour. This is a true binaural recording and headphone listening provides a realistic 3-dimensional sonic recreation of my own experience. The band gives a great performance all around. As with the Clumsy show, there might be a bad note or two if you listen closely, but that doesn't really matter -- the band's passion doesn't falter for a second. To the left, Steve Mazur is fierce on the guitar. I've never seen someone play with as much focus, intensity, and determination as him during the bridge of Everyone's a Junkie. To the right, Duncan Coutts delivers his signature style of unexpectedly melodic bass lines. Jeremy Taggart reminds everyone that, after several albums full of complex rhythms, the basic beats heard in songs like Somewhere Out There were only designed to give him the opportunity for a mid-song swig of beer without missing a beat. There's no beer in sight as he pounds out these funky rock beats with ease. Raine Maida embraces the challenge of revisiting vocals quite unlike recent albums and tours. He is in great form, falsettos and all. The crowd is respectful, both quiet and loud at the proper times. When fans sing along, it complements the performance and never becomes overwhelming or distracting.

A technical problem causes distortion in Raine's vocals beginning during Made to Heal. It gets really bad during If You Believe, then improves considerably during The Wonderful Future. The vocals sound just slightly harsh from time to time throughout the rest of the show. The second set is fairly typical for this tour, but Jeremy is going for more bonus points than usual on each big rock finish. Once again the rarely heard Dreamland is included in the encore. Earlier in the day the soundcheck ended with a bit of a cover jam session. A few short clips, recorded from the street, are included as a bonus. With the traffic and other sounds these are the only bits worth hearing, and even these clips are rather sketchy. I say the band should rehearse and play Creep during concerts on their next tour though.

In 2009 I had decided that this is a band I would see when they were playing in town, but I wouldn't travel any great distance to see them. I never expected something like this tour. Count me in if they tour for Naveed/Gravity or Happiness/Healthy in Paranoid Times -- everyone suggests Naveed/Happiness but I think that's an injustice to their more recent work. I wouldn't mind another trip to Victoria.

faninor
2010-10-17