Thom Yorke
Summer Sonic 2015, 
Makuhari Messe, Chiba, Japan 
August 15th 2015 (Midnight) 

(Disc 1)
01. Opening 
02. The Clock 
03. A Brain In A Bottle 
04. Impossible Knots 
05. Black Swan 
06. Guess Again! 
07. Amok 
08. Not The News 
09. Truth Ray 
10. Traffic 
11. Twist 
12. Pink Section 
13. Nose Grows Some

(Disc 2)
01. Cymbal Rush 
02. Default 
03. Ending

Bonus Tracks; (Thom's IEM Source)
04. The Clock 
05. A Brain In A Bottle 
06. Impossible Knots 
07. Black Swan 
08. Amok 
09. Truth Ray 
10. Cymbal Rush 
11. Default

Lineage: Xavel Records Bootleg Source - ripped to WAV - Flac (level 8)
         Brought to you by Jayesh Daya! ENJOY

SOURCE = multi IEM source + Original AUD source = matrix sound source

"Summer Sonic 2015, a late-night parts in "HOSTESS CLUB ALL-NIGHTER", the performance of Thom Yorke who appeared as a head liner, complete recording in superb sound quality! Enthusiastically by the boil then was Thom Yorke and Nigel Godrich in a late-night sonic stage to the admission regulations is applied, at the center of the music from the solo album of Tom was released last year, "Tomorrow's Modern Boxes", Atoms For Peace, even Radiohead familiar music has become the idea of being showcased by Tom and Nigel two people of the DJ mix. Singing also is Tom saying DJ set, playing the guitar, and shows off a strange dance of the usual. In terms of content it will be enjoyed by almost unchanged sense of a normal live. Well, the Tokyo performances 3Days of Atoms For Peace in 2013 of a perfect balance IEM (in-ear monitor) XAVEL label has released as a matrix sound source. As with the current live also the last time, yea complete recording in more quality. Tom and Nigel to fuse the different IEM of two types of mix balance that you want to use, label Original superb sound quality audience master and mix processing. Official live board equivalent quality, is the ultimate source and say it more in the sense of realism, powerful. Add recorded eight songs from IEM source Tom had been used after the main part end. This is also very interesting content. Item of Thom Yorke fan must-have, must listen, Please listen by all means!" 

Info taken from Xavel website.
