Thom Yorke
Bill Graham Civic Auditorium
San Francisco, Ca
December 15, 2018

Recorded by Daspyknows 
Dead center appx 60 feet from stage
Schoeps MK41/Baby NBox DR-2D 24 Bit 48K


editing/audience noise removal (inez): Izotope Rx and Audacity

Master 2018.109

01 Interference
02 A Brain in a Bottle
03 Impossible Knots
04 Black Swan

05 Harrowdown Hill
06 Pink Section
07 Nose Grows Some
08 Cymbal Rush
09 The Clock
10 Two Feet Off the Ground
11 Amok 
12 Not the News
13 Truth Ray
14 Traffic
15 Twist
16 -Encore break-
17 The Axe
18 Atoms for Peace
19 Default
20 -Encore break 2-
21 Unmade


Thom Yorke, Nigel Godrich and Tarik Barri (visuals)

This was one of those shows that had the potential for a difficult night.  I had tickets 
at will call including an extra, going solo, walkthroughs anticipated and the strong 
potential of an evening rain storm which meant a difficult drive.  I found someone on
craigslist who followed through and turned out to be a good home for the ticket, she
arrived on time, was willing to carry something in for me so I just needed to worry about
getting my gear in.  I took Bart in so no parking or driving issues, Walkthroughs were very 
easy to navigate, found my spot and had mostly good folks around me and everything went 
easy.  onsidering my last Thom Yorke recording was a fail due to equipment problems this
was a nice change.  The show was a lot of fun.  The visuals were mesmerizing and the sound
wasn't terrible (this is a bad sounding room with lots of echo) I ran the hypercardiod 
capsules to minimize the effect and actually thing the recording sounds better than what I 
heard.  All things considered it was a fun and easy evening and not having to drive myself
home was a nice change.  Uneventful except a police sweep one stop from home due to lots of
people drinking on Bart which is a big no no.  That took 15 minutes. I enjoy Thom Yorke and 
Radiohead but admit I am not very familiar with the songs so I was wondering about a set list.
I figured my friend Inez who is a big Radiohead fan and often a ticket hookup could help so
I sent her my raw file.  She offered to track the show, provided a setlist and lovingly 
declapped and descreamed the recording.  I don't have the patience for that so she gets 
credit there. Enjoy.



Just the basic taper requests here and please no vitriol: 
Don't be an ass by selling this or using it in a video that is sold 
Don't modify the info file 
Don't remaster and/or post on other sites that are not 100% free 
If shared keep info file intact but create a second file 
Don't convert to lossy formats except for personal use 
Do support the artists 
 