Thom Yorke
Greek Theater
Berkeley, Ca
October 18, 2019


Recorded by Daspyknows 
Section 3rd step above pit Dead Center
Schoeps MK4 NBox Platinum DR-2D 24 Bit 48K


Processed using Izotope Rx - Audacity  Edit: reduce claps, audience noise removal/tracking (inez):  

Master 2019.098

01 Intro - Has Ended
02 Impossible Knots
03 Black Swan

04 I am a Very Rude Person
05 Amok
06 Not the News

07 Pink Section
08 Nose Grows Some
09 The Clock

10 Runwayaway
11 Default

12 Dawn Chorus
13 Atoms for Peace
14 Truth Ray
15 Traffic
16 Twist


17 Crowd 
Encore 1

18 A Brain in a Bottle
19 Harrowdown Hill

20 Cymbal Rush

21 Interference


22 Crowd
Encore 2
23 Thom talking > Like Spinning Plates (Radiohead)
 
A few years ago I saw Radiohead at the Greek Theater and was looking forward to this one.  Day
started with the joys of Ticketmaster.  Public service announcement - Ticketmaster SUCKS SUCKS
SUCKS.  E-Tickets were not distributed until the morning of the show and ticket transfers were
disabled.  I had one for a friend who wasn't able to leave work until 6PM and doors were at 6:30.
Called to try and solve the problem and spoke with two people.  They blamed the venue, told me
they never allowed day of show transfers and said printed bar codes would be invalid like the
Black Keys debacle a few weeks ago.  The amount of truth coming out of Ticketmaster was like an 
Oval Office Q&A.  I arrived at the Greek at 1PM and got my number (14) and settled in for the 
afternoon.  Radiohead and related shows have an early and organized line scene.  I knew a few 
people on line from previous shows and met some other cool folks.  Actually a fun way to spend
the afternoon.  Passed the time and moved car every four hours.  When will call opened I dealt 
with the tickets since I changed mine to will call pickup.  People working box office for Another
Planet are amazing and they made it all easy.  Doors opened and security was easy.  Put blanket 
down in the prime spot and got settled.  My friend arrived just before the opening band and was
surrounded by good folks.  Opener was Andrea Belfi, a drummer with electronic stuff.  This was 
basically a long drum solo which I taped because I tape pretty much everything.  After the break
Thom Yorke came out.  The sound was amazing and the visuals were as well.  The music was very trippy
and fun.  I am terrible with setlists so after the set I drove home I uploaded my raw file to my 
friend Inez in NY who is one of the biggest Radiohead fanatics I know.  She tracked out the show, 
prepared the setlist and lovingly removed some of the loud claps.  Here is the finished product
which should satisfy the Radiohead and Thom Yorke fans. 

 

Just the basic taper requests here and please no vitriol: 
Don't be an ass by selling this or using it in a video that is sold 
Don't modify the info file 
Don't remaster and/or post on other sites that are not 100% free 
If shared keep info file intact but create a second file 
Don't convert to lossy formats except for personal use 
Do support the artists 