Soundgarden
Soundwave festival
Boynthon Park Adelaide, 
South Australia
2015-02-21


I sat on this since 2015 as I wasn't happy with the sound, but now, with Chris gone, I think it needs to be out there. 




01.Spoonman ( missing about half the song -fades in)
02.Let Me Drown
03.Outshined
04.Kickstand
05.Attrition
06.Rusty Cage
07.Beyond the Wheel
08.Been Away Too Long
09.The Day I Tried to Live
10.My Wave
11.Fell on Black Days
12.talk
13.Drawing Flies
14.Ty Cobb
15.Burden in My Hand
16.A Thousand Days Before
17.talk
18.Birth Ritual
(First live performance since 1992)
19.Slaves & Bulldozers




This was,regretably,the final Soundwave festival, which was,in Adelaide at least,a gigantic flop.From a peak of 40,000 attending on just one day a few years back to 12,000 over two days in 2015. The company went bust owing 20 million,most of it to bands.It was reported that Soundgarden were owned a million or so,Smashing Pumpkins even more.

I had low expectations for this recording as the sound wasn’t that great ( Faith No More who headlined by contrast had superb sound ) and I remixed it a number of times,given the circumstances in which it was recorded ( some wind, noisy audience,not exactly a pristine mix ) it sounds pretty good especially towards the end of the show. 

The music is very good,the real meat and potatoes occurs during “ A thousand days before “and “Slaves and Bulldozers, where the band gets to throw in a lot of feedback and Cornell grabs a guitar and gets stuck in. 

Fuck of a hot day,around 40C although the worst of it had gone by the time Soundgarden hit the stage, we missed the first minute or two of Spoonman as we were listening to Ministry (who kicked arse) and it was a bit of a walk from one stage the next, as it is,as soon as i heard music I began recording from the back of the field and wended my way to the front,but the first minute or so was largely crappy quality so it fades in from about 50 meters from the stage . 

The crowd were talkative at times but the band were so loud you cannot hear most of it,I have cleaned a lot of it up as well.I moved a few times between songs to get better sound and position.By track 4 it sounds fairy good. Wind noise has been removed but there may be a few places where its still slightly hearable during quiet passages.



recording info 
SP-CMC-25 cards >SP 12 volt BB > sony PCM M10  > 16bit wav >Audition (remove excess applause , levels and minor EQ >XACT ( LEVEL 8 )
Stealth mode about 20 metres back, front of right stack at beginning , moved to centre gradually mostly between songs. 
taped, transferred and mixed by godzgolfball 
don’t sell or distribute for trade in Mp3 format .
nb:this has been mixed to play pretty loud ,SO DO IT !

