Soundgarden - 2022 09 27 @ Kia Forum, Inglewood, CA

Show note:
Taylor Hawkins' Tribute Concert.  A couple of notes on this. Originally, tried to get tickets through artist presale, spent 4 hours and nothing. Tried 1st day of ticket sales, spent 3.5 hours, nothing. Looked for tickets afterwards, but no luck. A friend told me last month that some behind stage tickets were going to be released at 10 AM, got on line and got section 215 (somewhat back corner).  I still looked for Ticket Master official resale tickets, but couldn't get anything better. However, somehow, the seats were good to get a good audio capture, and were the cheapest ticket bracket, so .. maybe it worked.  We also got to see a bit of what was happening backstage. Anyhow, a long and very emotional night for Taylor's family, friends, the bands and the audience. I recorded the whole show, had a backup recorder with internal mics (just in case) and also have a 2nd taper's copy. This was, at least for me, the biggest mystery of the night.  What were Kim Thayil and Kris Novselic going to be doing.  Well, the answer should have been obvious. Taylor Momsen put her all into both songs, but she also seemed to be stuggling with her emotions, which is completely understandable, singing in place of Chris Cornell, for Taylor Hawkins.  Hard to believe 3 years ago, Taylor Hawkins was singing The Day I Tried To Live at the Chris Cornell tribute, now to have another Taylor do the same for him.

Kim Thayil - guitar
Matt Cameron -  drums
Kris Novoselic - bass
Taylor Momsen - vocals
Dave Grohl - guitars
Pat Smear - guitars

1 intro
2 The Day I Tried to Live [Soundgarden]
3 Black Hole Sun [Soundgarden]

Show line-up:
1: Violet Grohl
2: Joan Jett 
3: Chevy Metal
4: The Coattail Riders
5: James Gang
6: Mark Ronson 
7: Them Crooked Vultures
8: Wolfgang Van Halen 
9: Def Leppard 
10: Motley Crue
11: Elliot Easton 
12: P!nk Heart
13: Stewart Copeland 
14: Alanis Morissette 
15: Bach Sabbath 
16: Rush
17: Soundgarden 
18: Queen 
19: Foo Fighters

Taper: loughney
Location: Section 215
Lineage: SP-CMC-4U > Sony A10 > WAV > Sound Forge (fades, reduce crowd noise) > CDWAVE (splits) > FLAC
