In the interest of full disclosure, there is disagreement as to when and where this show was recorded.  The release itself says "Europe 1993", but another release of the same show claims Houston, TX on 1993 July 14 (this date seems to be the date most cited on the web).  However, another web site cites 1993 September 1 in Bologna, Italy as the source, and yet another claims it was recorded in New Jersey.  The answer, I believe, lies in the recording itself, where Les says something that sounds alot like "Yeah, how's it going, Bologna?" after "DMV".  Given this, I've decided to go with the Bologna and a date of 1993 September 1.  If someone has better information about this gig, please do share. :)

Regardless of its origin, this is a very good stereo soundboard (A-) recording from "Pork Soda"-era Primus.  This pressing includes "Harold of the Rocks", which is missing from other versions of this show.  Bits of the show sound have been shaved off (to cut this down to a single-disk release perhaps); seconds seemed to have been trimmed off the beginning of both "Bastards" "Tweekers" in particular.  The track split are, IMHO, a little odd in places, particular between tracks 2 and 3 and 3 and 4, but I've resisted the temptation to retrack, presenting the tracks "as is" from the original CD.  These nitpicks aside, this is a fine recording that features a somewhat rare performance of "Hamburger Train" and some fun cover "teasers".

Lineage:  CD Silvers > EAC > WAV > FLAC frontend (level 8) > FLAC

Artwork can be found at: http://www.monsterous.com/~satch/boots/bootinfo.html#primus4

1. Here Come the Bastards
2. Nature Boy
3. Nature Boy (Part 2) / Herb's Little Drum Solo
4. Ground Hog's Day
5. Those Damned Blue-Collar Tweekers
6. Bob
7. My Name Is Mud
8. Fish On / Hamburger Train / DMV
9. Seas of Cheese / Pork Soda
10. Mr. Krinkle
11. Jerry Was a Race Car Driver
12. Too Many Puppies
	(with Master of Puppets excerpt)
13. Harold of the Rocks
	(with Cygnus X-1 excerpt)



