Primus 
Thunder Valley 
Lincoln, CA, 
6/30/2018

2018 U.S. Summer Tour

Taper: TheJackal
Tascam DR-05 internal mics (WAV) > USB to Dell Inspiron 13 > Roxio Creator 9 (tracking & FLAC)

intro  
Those Damned Blue-Collar Tweekers 
Too Many Puppies > Sgt. Baker > Too Many Puppies reprise  
HOINFODAMAN 
Frizzle Fry 
Desaturating Seven: 
  The Valley 
  The Seven 
  The Trek 
  The Scheme 
  The Dream
  The Dream pt2 
  The Storm 
  The Ends? 
John the Fisherman 
Welcome to This World 
Professor Nutbutter intro >
My Name Is Mud >
Jerry Was a Race Car Driver 

Encore
Wynona's Big Brown Beaver 
Here Come the Bastards 

Another Jackal Production Vol 14: Primus 2018-06-30 Thunder Valley Casino Amphitheater, Lincoln, CA

This venue is just some bleachers at the back behind six sections of temporary chairs on a blacktop parking lot at the Thunder Valley Casino, which is in the Sacramento area.  The stage faces due West, so the performers look at the sun until it goes down, while the crowd just sweats on the asphault after another 100+ degree summer's day in Sac.  To make matters even worse, there's a landfill just a couple miles away so when the rare breeze pops-up to thankfully move the hot air around a bit, the relief it brought was countered by the stank from the dump.  Thankfully the outdoor venue was de-comissioned at the end of its 2022 season and replaced by The Venue at Thunder Valley; a fine indoor theater with great air conditioning and no nasty stank.  

This tour Primus featured their recently released Desaturating Seven cd played straight through.  It was a rowdy crowd (typical Primus crowd) and there were some annoying talkers nearby that just wouldn't shut up. The crowd noise was especially noticeable during the 40-minutes of new music, which included some pretty quiet songs.  The set wrapped up with a string of fan faves, pulling the crowd back in.

Also includes a copy of the tour poster & some crappy pics taken with my crappy iPhone 8.

Enjoy!!