Primus
2020-12-11 
Sebastopol, California
Pachyderm Station



Set: 

Those Damned Blue-Collar Tweekers > Lacquer Head > Those Damned Blue-Collar Tweekers
Too Many Puppies > Sgt. Baker > Too Many Puppies
American Life 
Pudding Time 
The Antipop
Seas Of Cheese 
Mr. Krinkle 
The Heckler
Eclectic Electric*
Harold Of The Rocks 
Over The Electric Grapevine
Jerry Was A Race Car Driver
The Seven
Southbound Pachyderm

* – First Time Played




Notes:

Primus assembled at their Pachyderm Station facility in Sebastopol, California, aka bassist Les Claypool‘s Claypool Cellars winery, for a pay-per-view livestream concert on Friday. The trio presented a 90-minute set for Alive From Pachyderm Station, which included a pair of bust outs and a live debut.

Claypool, guitarist Larry “Ler” LaLonde, and drummer Tim “Herb” Alexander kicked off their first public performance of 2020 with a take on “Those Damned Blue-Collar Tweekers” featuring “Lacquer Head” within. Primus hadn’t played “Lacquer Head” since April 29, 2000 as per Setlist.FM. Another song sandwich followed as the three-piece fit “Sgt. Baker” into the middle of “Too Many Puppies.”

Primus continued on with Sailing The Seas Of Cheese classic “American Life” and the oldie “Pudding Time.” The evening’s second big surprise came next as the trio busted out “The Antipop,” another song that hadn’t been performed since April 29, 2000. Both “Lacquer Head” and “The Antipop” were originally released by Primus on their 1999 studio album, Antipop. A few songs later, Primus unveiled the live debut of Antipop track “Eclectic Electric” to the delight of hardcore fans viewing from around the world.

“Eclectic Electric” was followed by a run of “Harold Of The Rocks,” “Over The Electric Grapevine” and “Jerry Was A Race Car Driver.” Primus then performed “The Seven,” the evening’s lone song from the trio’s most recent LP, 2017’s The Desaturating Seven. Finally, the three-piece said farewell with the fitting selection of “Southbound Pachyderm.”