Primus
Sacramento, cA
Memorial Auditorium
June 17, 2022

--

Lineage: Multiple IEM Receivers > Multitrack Recorder @ 24bit 44.1khz
Recorded by Hoserama

Mixed by hoserama
Dithered using Izotope MBIT+
Flac'ed using Trader's Little Helper
Mix version 20220626

--
Set 1:
01. Intro
02. Those Damned Blue-Collar Tweekers
03. Lacquer Head
04. Those Damned Blue-Collar Tweekers (Reprise)
05. Fisticuffs
06. American Life
07. Nature Boy
08. Conspiranoia
09. The Ol' Diamondback Sturgeon
10. Jerry Was a Race Car Driver
11. Over the Electric Grapevine

Set 2:
12. A Farewell to Kings
13. Xanadu
14. Closer to the Heart
15. Cinderella Man
16. Madrigal
17. Cygnus X-1
18. The Toys Go Winding Down
19. Pudding Time
20. Tommy the Cat
21. Follow the Fool
22. Fizzle Fry

Soundcheck:
23. Bass
24. Band
25. Tweekers Jam
26. Conspiranoia Jam
27. Follow the Fool
28. Conspiranoia Jam
29. Sunshine of Your Love
30. Conspiranoia Jam
31. Nature Boy
32. Erin on the Side of Caution
33. Band

--

Show Notes:
Not my usual cup of tea, but has grown on me. Primus is doing a bunch of Rush this tour, which is the centerpiece of the tour. So if you're a big Rush and Primus fan, double whammy! And just for fun, I included the soundcheck from the afternoon. Starts off with 20 minutes of bass warm-ups.

Recording Notes:
Good pull off the wireless monitors. Recorded eight IEM feeds for a a 3 piece band, always fun. And even ended up using 5 of them in the final mix. No audience recording available, so sometimes the crowd noise is a bit recessed.

--

As always, encouraging people to get into taping and mixing. Just take the craft seriously and it will reward you many times over. There's no point in complaining about missing recordings or subpar quality if you're not contributing--pushing 1's and 0's around on the internet is no comparison for taping.

--

IEM recordings are not for everyone. If not they're not your thing, either sonically or ethically, well at least you didn't spend any money on this.

Similarly, I'm mixing primarily for my ears. This is what sounds best to me. This may not sound best to you. That's a fair statement. I'm open to honest criticism (although you should have caught me when I was working on the mix!), but pointless complaining is unappreciated (naturally). Let's play nice.

--

Please don't sell this recording in any way - no cash for blanks, 2:1s, or any other form of "getting paid for your time". Just share it freely.

Please don't convert to mp3, then back to wave, and then trade it around. This stuff is too easy to find on torrents now.

Feel free to remaster/remix this recording. Just keep it to your own computer and iPod.

Also, please don't torrent or share on other sites without at least dropping me a line and asking. I may want to just torrent/share it there myself.

Please ask (and wait for permission!) before putting it into any matrix + video production. If you ask nicely for a quality high-res video project, I will likely say “yes”. If you put it on YouTube or cell phone video production without asking, I will send my cats from hell to chew your computer cables.

--

Enjoy y'all!
- Hoserama/Sharebear
