Primus
Grinders, Kansas City, United States
July 12, 2025

Lineage: Core Sound Binaurals into bass roll off battery pack > Edirol r-07 > wav (24/48) > audacity > flac 44.1kHz

Recorded by: LetsGoAway
Also recorded: N/A

setlist:
01. Too Many Puppies
02. Dirty Drowning Man
03. Fisticuffs
04. Frizzle Fry
05. Little Lord Fentanyl
06. Duchess and the Proverbial Mind Spread
07. Over the Falls
08. Lee Van Cleef
09. Amos Moses
10. Over the Electric Grapevine
11. Welcome to This World
12. My Name Is Mud
13. Jerry Was a Race Car Driver
14. Southbound Pachyderm

Recording Position: Slightly right-of-center, just behind the sound booth, 40-50 ? yards back

A arrived a little late, but found a position comfortably behind the sound booth to set up, where my girlfriend could still see the stage without standing on her tip-toes. Little did I know, this happened to be the designated yapping section. I had attached my microphones to my collar since I forgot to wear a hat, which might've ended up saving this recording from a lot more noise. One man in particular can be heard hootin' and hollerin' after almost every song and frequently during jam sections of songs. The recording doesn't do it justice, but despite standing ~5 yards behind me and me wearing earplugs, it sounded like he was walking up and yelling directly into my ear. I'd've found it more impressive than anything if it hadn't been so annoying. 

I've done as much as I can to retain the integrity of the recording, but I made some edits, mostly in between songs because I would occasionally exchange some words with my friends. A little banter was lost, but not much. However, I had to edit most of Over the Electric Grapevine. During this song, I attempted to get a little closer to the sound booth so that I could avoid the chatter that was all around me, but it hindered our view of the stage so we returned to our original positions. After this, in the bit of the recording that I edited out, a visibly intoxicated woman can be heard saying "oh hell no" very loudly, before barreling into me and accusing me of trying to ruin her night by standing in front of her. I returned to nearly the exact same position I was in before, and by this point in the night I could have easily cut my distance to the stage in half without even having tapped anyone on the shoulder to slip by, but she decided to physically confront me instead which just took me out of it for the rest of the night. 

Despite all this, I still think this recording is listenable. The distance from the stage allows for some separation in the instruments that I'm not used to getting in more confined venues, and nearly everything comes through very clearly. If a superior version of this show were out there anywhere, especially if it included Ty Segall's superb performance, then I would definitely defer to that one, but not seeing it posted here, I think any Primus fans will be able to get something out of this. The performances were stellar, and they really did a good job of pacing the set through to a crescendo with an excellent rendition of Southbound Pachyderm at the end. 