The Swell Season
2025-05-29
The Glasshouse
Gateshead UK
Audience Recording
Forward Tour
Artwork Included
Quality A
Time:129 Minutes.



Lineage Tascam DR40 with internal mikes 24 Bit 96 Khz>HD>Audacity>16 Bit 44 Khz>Dime.


Checked SBE's with Trader's Little Helper




Glen Hansard-Vocals,Guitars,Mandolin,Harmonica,Piano
Markéta Irglová-Vocals,Piano

with
Piero Perelli-Drums,Percussion
Joseph Doyle-Bass,Vocals


Recorded six rows from the front left side. First song was so quiet as the duo
played it literally acoustic,no mikes at the front of the stage. Did the same thing
with the last song,as we know Glen used to be a busker.


Disc One

1. Say It to Me Now 
2. The Moon
3. People We Used To Be 
4. Factory Street Bells
5. When Your Mind's Made Up  (If You Don`t Like My Potatoes, Why Do You Dig So Deep?)
6. Pretty Stories
7. In These Arms
8. Low Rising
9. Into The Mystic
10.I Leave Everything To You
11.Stuck in Reverse

Disc Two

1. Great Weight
2. If You Want Me
3. Fitzcarraldo
4. Spirit Is Here Too
5. This Gift
6. Falling Slowly
7. Hundred Words
8. Her Mercy
9. Gloria
10.Gold




The Swell Season, featuring Academy Award winners Glen Hansard and Markéta Irglová, is back on tour.
Known for their breakout roles in the film Once and the Grammy-nominated hit “Falling Slowly,” 
the duo went on to release the acclaimed album Strict Joy and inspire the Tony-winning Broadway musical Once. 
After successful solo careers and international tours, they’ve reunited to perform their heartfelt, award-winning songs live. 
Don’t miss this chance to experience their timeless music and the magic that made them a cultural phenomenon.

The Swell Season is a folk rock duo formed by Irish musician Glen Hansard and Czech singer and pianist Markéta Irglová. 
"The Swell Season" name is derived from Hansard's favourite novel by Josef Škvorecký from 1975 bearing the same title. 
Their debut album, released in 2006, carried the same name.From The Glasshouse website.