Paramore
16th November 2010
LG Arena, Birmingham, England
Complete Audience Audio Recording
Flac Level 8, 16Bit 44.1Khz, Stereo.


Lineage.....: Church Audio CA-11 Cardioid Microphones > Church Audio ST-9100 Pre-Amp >
Zoom H2 (24/48) > Adobe Audition 3 > CDWav > Traders Little Helper


Complete Audience tape. Not the best AUD tape I've ever done, but god knows it ain't
anywhere near the worst either.

Biggest problem is a bunch of 4 annoying teenybopper girls directly to my right. Screaming
and shrieking and clapping louder than you'd think possible. When the nearest girl starts
to sing she basically drowns out Hayley. Fail. Note: I'm not actually complaining about
her, I mean she was just enjoying herself, just a bit annoying from a taping perspective ;-)

I was off on the left side, and there weren't any speaker stacks pointing at us. Big main
stack pointing forwards and the smaller stacks pointing 90 degrees off each side of the
stage, but I was 45 degrees inbetween each of them. So I just pointed my hat torwards the
stage and hoped for the best. As a result it's not as clear as it could be. Low end is a
bit muddy. Vocals a bit quiet.

There's also some phasing issues in a few places. I was video taping too so I would
occasionally move my head around to check for security. I tried to limit it to between
songs so as to not mess up the audio too much. There's not too much. Only a second or
two per song on average.

Overall it sound pretty nice. I'm sitting here trying to write this having to actively
stop myself from headbanging to Misery Business, so while it may not be flawless on a
technical level it's a good representation of what it was like at the show.


As I mentioned, I was also video taping. That will be made into a DVD and 720p MKV file,
will take a while probably. A month or so.


And as I said in the IEM info, I actually really enjoyed the show. Paramore are a bit of
a guilty pleasure for me, and to be honest I wasn't expecting to enjoy it as much as I
did. Especially as I was glued to my spot with a video camera in my eye, antenna poking
out my shirt and more wires than I care to shake a stick at dangling down around me. But
pretty awesome. A bit short. Not, like, really short, but 85mins is at least an hour too
SSSSshort for any concert IMO.


Tracklist:
1. Intro
2. Ignorance
3. Feeling Sorry
4. That's What You Get
5. For a Pessimist, I'm Pretty Optimistic
6. Emergency
7. Playing God
8. Decode
9. Never Let This Go
10. When It Rains
11. Where The Lines Overlap
12. Misguided Ghosts
13. crushcrushcrush
14. Pressure
15. Looking Up
16. The Only Exception
17. Encore Break
18. Brick By Boring Brick
19. Misery Business


Enjoy :-)