From Waz From Oz Uncirculated DAT

HOLE
1999 Australian Tour
Enmore Theatre
Sydney, NSW 
Australia
24th January 1999

01. Violet (incomplete)
02. Awful
03. Miss World
04. Reasons To Be Beautiful
05. Pretty On The Inside > Heaven Tonight
06. Asking For It
07. Dying
08. Malibu
09. Use Once & Destroy
10. It's All Over Now, Baby Blue (Bob Dylan cover)
11. Doll Parts
12. Boys On The Radio
13. Northern Star
Encores
14. Paradise City (Guns N’ Roses cover)
15. Celebrity Skin
16. She Walks On Me > Good Sister, Bad Sister

------------

The Band
Courtney Love - Vocals, Guitar, Tambourine & Mouth
Eric Erlandson  - Guitar
Melissa Auf der Maur - Bass Guitar & Backing Vocals
Samantha Maloney - Drums 

Hole 1999 Australian Tour
17th January - Big Day Out, Gold Coast Showgrounds, QLD 
18th January - Festival Hall, Brisbane, QLD
20th January - Enmore Theatre, Sydney, NSW - taped
21st January - Enmore Theatre, Sydney, NSW 
23rd January - Big Day Out, Olympic Park, Sydney, NSW - broadcast on Channel V TV 
24th January - Enmore Theatre, Sydney, NSW - taped
26th January - Big Day Out, Showgrounds, Melbourne, VIC – broadcast on Triple J radio
28th January - The Metro, Melbourne, VIC
29th January - Big Day Out, Showgrounds, Adelaide, SA 
31st January - Big Day Out, Bassendean Oval, Perth, WA  
1st February - Metro City Concert Club, Perth, WA 

===================

The 2nd Hole Enmore gig we attended was their 3rd night at this venue.
We didn’t have the best seats in the house tonight, Ruby & myself were upstairs in the circle, seated in Row V, the fifth row from the back wall of the venue. 
Tonight, wasn’t such a scream fest as the 1st show but it was still top heavy with over excited young females. 
They are the reason the first song of the night, Violet is incomplete.

From the moment the lights went off there was a bunch of dead set insufferable (& extremely slappable) schoolgirls directly in the seats in front of us who performed non-stop screaming at the top of their lungs. 
It was deafening, so I stopped recording. In the latter part of Violet, they suddenly much to our relief fucked off downstairs. 
So, I turned it back on.

Less songs tonight than the 1st show but they did play one of my favourites, Asking For It which wasn’t played at the concert on the 20th.
Why this show is shorter could be because she tells us that she’s a little tired followed by she thinks that we the audience are tired as well & that she feeds off the audience’s energy. 
Tonight, that tired old cliché “Show us your tits” can be heard, I can’t recall hearing it at the 1st show.

Compared to the five covers trotted out at the first show, tonight there were only two covers, they being Dylan’s It’s All Over Now, Baby Blue & Guns N’ Roses Paradise City which straight after she says that 'Elvis is rolling in his grave'. Why escapes me.
Courtney apologised for personally fucking up the Australian band The Hoodoo Guru’s song Bittersweet which they had performed the day before at the Big Day Out. Before Doll Parts she mentions that Marilyn Manson & Johnathon from Korn are in the house & that before Hole went on stage at the Big Day Out, she made both of them say the Lord’s Prayer along with Hole.

After Dying they get into a bit of a jam, which Courtney seemed to enjoy only for it to fizzle out because the rest of the band give up, when it does she’s pissed off with them, saying to one of her bandmates “You’re a cunt”, then bang straight into Malibu which tonight has a reprise.

As she did on the first night Courtney asked security to hoist girls out of the crush in the front row & be placed up on stage.
Once there they could sit by the side of the drum riser, where they remained to the end of the show.
At the end of the show, she announces that this time she is giving her guitar away to a boy in the audience, she picks one but then says he appears too well adjusted plus he has good teeth so no guitar for you, she wants someone who is fucked up so it goes to some other boy whom she judged to be fucked up!

One last thing for those precious sensitive souls, please be aware before downloading that audience interaction can be heard on this recording.

As always thanks to audiowhore.
Enjoy,
Waz

===========

My Courtney Love Encounter. 

On the Tuesday arvo the day before the first Sydney Hole show I was running late for a now long-forgotten reason. 
I ducked into the Park Street side entrance of Woolworths Department Store to make a short cut through the store then out George St exit to catch a bus at the bus stands situated outside. 
As I was a few feet/metres away from the George St door to exit the building, I looked over to my to right about two arm-lengths away, who should I spy looking at postcards on one of those revolving postcard stands, but Courtney Love accompanied by Eric Erlandson. 
Ms. Love clocked me looking at her, then waved me over. I did as requested, with visions of her having to have a go at me for gawking at her. 
The below is basically how I remember our conversation. 

Courtney. Do you live here? 
Me. “Yes, I do”. 
Courtney. “Good, what Sydney postcard would you suggest sending back home?” 
Me. I looked at what was on offer, saying “Well Courtney, everyone & their dog send postcards home with the Sydney Opera House, Sydney Harbour Bridge or Bondi Beach on them, me I’d go for something alternate”.  
Looking at the postcards I saw an above Sydney aerial panoramic postcard that showed all those tourist spots, albeit from a great height plus surrounding areas. 
Taking it from the rack, showed her while saying it gives the viewer a fair idea of how picturesque Sydney with it being built around the harbour plus with the open ocean just outside the city, adding it’s what I’d send. 
Courtney taking the postcard from me with a big smile “Thanks”. 
Me.  “ Glad I could help”. 
Then I remembered I had to be somewhere else, I blurted out “See you on Wednesday”. 
Courtney gave me a puzzled look. 
Me. “I’m going to the Enmore tomorrow night”. 
Courtney. “Might see you there”. 
During my interaction with her, she was courteous, polite & well mannered. 
Eric never spoke a word, but he acknowledged me with a few smiles. 
This unscheduled meet n greet lasted under 10 minutes, during this time not a soul approached us, nor did I see any oh look it’s Courtney Love glances in our direction. 
Which surprised me as at this time me she was high profile. 
I wish I had stayed chatting with her instead of buggering off, I often wonder if she took my advice about the postcard to send Stateside, she seemed genuinely impressed by my advice, so I’d like to think she went with it. 
After the 1st Enmore show, Ruby & I walked around to the lane behind the Enmore where the artists leave the venue to see if we could get our tickets signed, but there were too many excited young females waiting outside the back door so we turned around calling it a night. 

================