From Waz From Oz Uncirculated DAT 

HOLE
1999 Australian Tour 
Enmore Theatre
Sydney, NSW 
Australia
20th January 1999 

01. Dying 
02. Malibu 
03. Into Your Arms (The Lemonheads cover) 
04. Use Once & Destroy 
05. Drag 
06. Doll Parts 
07. Boys on the Radio 
08. It's All Over Now, Baby Blue (Bob Dylan cover) 
09. Celebrity Skin 
Encores 
10. You've Got to Hide Your Love Away (The Beatles cover) 
11. Northern Star 
12. Paradise City (Guns N’ Roses cover) 
13. She Walks on Me > Good Sister, Bad Sister 


Missing from start-
01. Violet 
02. Awful 
03. Pale Blue Eyes (The Velvet Underground cover) 
04. Miss World 
05. Reasons to Be Beautiful 
06. Pretty on the Inside 
07. Heaven Tonight 
08. Plump  

 ----------------

The Band 
Courtney Love - Vocals, Guitar, Tambourine & Mouth 
Eric Erlandson - Guitar 
Melissa Auf der Maur - Bass Guitar & Backing Vocals 
Samantha Maloney - Drums  

 
Hole 1999 Australian Tour
17th January - Big Day Out, Gold Coast Showgrounds, QLD 
18th January - Festival Hall, Brisbane, QLD
20th January - Enmore Theatre, Sydney, NSW - taped
21st January - Enmore Theatre, Sydney, NSW 
23rd January - Big Day Out, Olympic Park, Sydney, NSW - broadcast on Channel V TV 
24th January - Enmore Theatre, Sydney, NSW - taped
26th January - Big Day Out, Showgrounds, Melbourne, VIC – broadcast on Triple J radio
28th January - The Metro, Melbourne, VIC
29th January - Big Day Out, Showgrounds, Adelaide, SA 
31st January - Big Day Out, Bassendean Oval, Perth, WA  
1st February - Metro City Concert Club, Perth, WA 

===================

 
Not many bands of the mid to late '90s grabbed me…man, two that did make an impression were Hole & Blur. 
The first-time hearing Hole was in 1994 when browsing through the racks in Sydney’s leading import record shop Red Eye Records, Live Through This was playing over the shop’s sound system. 
I instantly liked what I was listening even though I didn’t have the foggiest who the artist was, I fronted up to the counter to ask who it was, I was told who, buying it there & then. 
That album plus the follow up Celebrity Skin is still played to this day in the Waz household. IMHO Malibu is one of that era’s most perfect single. 

I loved reading/watching in the media about Courtney's various meltdowns, her carry on's at Hole gigs and at other public outings, as did her I don't give a shit attitude. 
I don’t mind a lippy sheila as long as her lippiness isn’t directed at me! I brought live Hole live bootleg’s, so was accustomed to the fact that Courtney wasn’t the greatest singer & her guitar skills were rudimentary, but that didn’t faze me at all. 
I liked the complete Hole package. 

On Hole's 1995 Australian tour I attended the Sydney’s gig at Selina’s. Also, at this gig was my future partner-in-Dime, audiowhore. 
At this time we were unknown to each other. 
Courtney at Selina’s lived up to her bad girl image with her rants n ravings. 
At this show she stage dived into, well it was more like onto the audience, who managed to get her back onto the stage, albeit she arrived there without one of her shoes. 
After repeated demands for its return ala, 'Where's my fucking shoe!', it was were eventually thrown back rather forcefully and struck bassist Melissa Auf der Maur on the scone (head) and knocked her out cold.
She had to be taken to hospital. I didn’t tape that show but someone did as it is available. 

When the 1999 Hole Australian tour was announced there were 4 Sydney shows. 
Ruby & I brought tickets for the 1st & 3rd Enmore Theatre gigs. 
The 4th Sydney show was a performance at the Big Day Out Festival.  
For the first show we had FOS tickets. As we entered the Enmore then made our way to the FOS section, I was shocked, shocked I tell you by the sea of teenage girls that surrounded us, a good many of them dressed as if they were auditioning for the 1999 Miss Teenybopper Stripper Beauty Contest. 
I was in my last weeks as a 42yo, I could have been the father of many of the teenage girls that surrounded us.  

These young females were reminiscent of the females seen in 60’s Beatles concert footage with their endless screaming, some crying, their outstretched arms pleading for their idols to touch them. 
The difference between Hole's 1995 Sydney audience to this one four years later was startling. 
Hole’s (more like Ms. Love's) fan base had somehow morphed into teeny boppers, it’s like Hole had become the latest schoolgirl's heartthrob band replacing the current popular teenage boy band they’d usually go for. 

It's thanks to a group of these young misses that that this recording is incomplete. As the lights dimmed, I was about to put the detachable 4-battery holder into the DAT when a flock of dead set feral teenage females rushed past us knocking it out of my hand. 
Eight songs later with both of us on hands ‘n knees searching the floor with the help of a torch I take when taping I finally found it. 
Unbelievably all four batteries were still in place. Once found, we moved to the back of the FOS section as it was too crowded. 

I’d only started taping when a young guy came face to face with to me asking “Seen my sister?”. 
I shook my head no, I’ve no idea who this kid was or why he chose me to ask if I'd seen his sister.  
His comment made an impression on Ruby & myself as for months afterward we’d greet each other in person or on the phone by saying "You seen my sister?”. 

Not that long ago I discovered the below YouTube footage of this very concert. 
This video covers the songs I didn’t record, it states it’s the full show, but it’s not, it runs out during the start of Doll Parts. 

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sNMdMR7oiRs&lc=Ugg7OJqFpcMsC3gCoAEC 

In the comments section for this video the uploader writes that Courtney revealed years later on the Howard Stern Show that she broke one of her breast implants at this show by banging her tambourine rather heavily & repeatedly on her right breast. 
I remember her doing this at the show & saying to Ruby after the gig that she is going to have one bruised tit for days to come. 
You can see on the video her doing this, and her breast changing shape as the show progresses. 

Courtney’s ramblings didn’t disappoint at the show, mouthing off after Malibu that Melissa won’t say fuck.
She keeps goading Melissa to say fuck until Melissa says she does fuck but doesn’t say fuck. 
I was surprised that they performed 5 covers at this gig, one of which was The Velvet Underground’s Pale Blue Eyes, during which Courtney tried to start up a sing along but the screaming girlies have no idea what this song is, so it flatlines.  
After the song Dying finishes & while Ms. Love is prattling on that she is wearing Elle McPherson brand underwear Eric strums a bit of the Velvets All Tomorrows Party’s. 
Before Doll Parts Courtney mentions that Eric was about to play a Saints song but doesn’t as he couldn’t pull it off. 
For some reason if you listen closely that statement elicits a bloke yelling out for Brown Sugar, never knew the Saint did this Stones song ha ha ha. 

The cover song that did surprise me was the rendering of the Beatles' classic You’ve Got To Hide Your Love Away, interesting choice I thought. 

At one stage Courtney hand-picks girls out of the jam-packed front rows to be brought up on stage, once there they were allowed to sit down by the side of the drum riser, where they remained to the end of the show.
They must have been in teenage heaven. 

At the end the show she announces that she is giving her guitar away to a girl in the audience, telling the lucky recipient to come backstage to claim it but if the girl gives the guitar away to a guy, she’ll fucking shave the girl's head! 
To sum up, apart from not recording the complete show I thoroughly enjoyed the concert (screaming included), I was impressed by Courtney’s fellow musicians, especially Melissa & the replacement drummer Samantha Maloney. 
I also recorded the 3rd Enmore show which will be DIMED sometime soon. 

One last thing for those precious, sensitive souls, please be aware before downloading that audience interaction can be heard on this recording. 

As always thanks to audiowhore. 

Enjoy, 

Waz 

PS. Seen my sister? 

 
===============

My Courtney Love Encounter. 

On the Tuesday arvo the day before the first Sydney Hole show I was running late for a now long-forgotten reason. 
I ducked into the Park Street side entrance of Woolworths Department Store to make a short cut through the store then out George St exit to catch a bus at the bus stands situated outside. 
As I was a few feet/metres away from the George St door to exit the building, I looked over to my to right about two arm-lengths away, who should I spy looking at postcards on one of those revolving postcard stands, but Courtney Love accompanied by Eric Erlandson. 
Ms. Love clocked me looking at her, then waved me over. I did as requested, with visions of her having to have a go at me for gawking at her. 
The below is basically how I remember our conversation. 

Courtney. Do you live here? 
Me. “Yes, I do”. 
Courtney. “Good, what Sydney postcard would you suggest sending back home?” 
Me. I looked at what was on offer, saying “Well Courtney, everyone & their dog send postcards home with the Sydney Opera House, Sydney Harbour Bridge or Bondi Beach on them, me I’d go for something alternate”.  
Looking at the postcards I saw an above Sydney aerial panoramic postcard that showed all those tourist spots, albeit from a great height plus surrounding areas. 
Taking it from the rack, showed her while saying it gives the viewer a fair idea of how picturesque Sydney with it being built around the harbour plus with the open ocean just outside the city, adding it’s what I’d send. 
Courtney taking the postcard from me with a big smile “Thanks”. 
Me.  “ Glad I could help”. 
Then I remembered I had to be somewhere else, I blurted out “See you on Wednesday”. 
Courtney gave me a puzzled look. 
Me. “I’m going to the Enmore tomorrow night”. 
Courtney. “Might see you there”. 
During my interaction with her, she was courteous, polite & well mannered. 
Eric never spoke a word, but he acknowledged me with a few smiles. 
This unscheduled meet n greet lasted under 10 minutes, during this time not a soul approached us, nor did I see any oh look it’s Courtney Love glances in our direction. 
Which surprised me as at this time me she was high profile. 
I wish I had stayed chatting with her instead of buggering off, I often wonder if she took my advice about the postcard to send Stateside, she seemed genuinely impressed by my advice, so I’d like to think she went with it. 
After the 1st Enmore show, Ruby & I walked around to the lane behind the Enmore where the artists leave the venue to see if we could get our tickets signed, but there were too many excited young females waiting outside the back door so we turned around calling it a night. 

================
 
Sydney Morning Herald Hole concert review- 
'Only a true fan could live through this Pale imitation'  
Enmore Theatre, January 20th 
Reviewed by BERNARD ZUEL 

There is much to like about the theory of Hole. 
For a start, there estrogen rampant in an industry in which the absence of a penis is generally considered to represent the absence of a brain by those who hold the purse strings. 
Whatever you may think of the band, there is something to enjoy in two women applying a swift knee to the cods of the hairy sloths who run the music biz. 
Then there’s the idea that you can reinvent yourself: from band moll to musician; from band star to megastars; from professional widow to Oscar nominee; from junkie to celebrity. 
Lately there’s been the proposition that you can have a brain and beauty, or at least a smart mouth and glamourous clothes. 
Musically there’s the concept that moving on from the grunge template of mix’ n’ match punk and metal can lead you to a revival of mid 70’s California cool crossed British new wave, instead of disappearing in Black Sabbath. 
And, of course the iconic feminist position: look at us girls, we can do it on our own terms; so, can you. 
It is no coincidence that more than half of the audience at the Enmore was female, and of those, a fair proportion were under voting age, with an equal share being those who were around their mid-teens nearly five years ago, when Hole’s breakthrough album Live Through This, seemed like the real alternate to teenybop fodder. 
Like communism or trickle-down theory, however, Hole are best enjoyed in the abstract, for the reality can veer from enervating dullness to nails-on-blackboard annoyance. No better example of the latter can be found than the decision to attempt a version of the Velvet Underground’s Pale Blue Eyes – and to attempt this three songs into the night. 
A difficult song to sing at the best of times, in the hands of Courtney Love (who is neither a singer nor a guitarist and is outshone musically by bassist Melissa Auf Der Maur) it began as a whining, painful karaoke bar attempt, moved to low farce as Love asked the audience to sing along, only to find none of the teens knew it, and then ended with tail between its legs, looking for the definition of ennui. 
Pale Blue Eyes was one of five covers, an astonishingly high number for a band with three albums of its own songs. 
But it becomes a sensible option when you canvas the available catalogue of Hole, which save for the likes of Celebrity Skin, Malibu and Northern Star (respectively, imitations of Transvision Vamp Playing with Joan Jett, Fleetwood Mac and Smashing Pumpkins) is laden with attitude rather than aptitude. 
After a while, attitude on its own is an empty bottle. 
Four years ago, watching Hole was like standing at a traffic blackspot waiting for the blood and bone to fly. 
The band was a disaster, a shambolic addendum to the Nirvana-driven scene which resurrected guitar rock. 
There was a sick but compelling need to watch. This time around the band doesn’t look as though it will fall apart. 
The shame of it is that without the impending crash, neither the songs nor the performance will keep you watching.  

 
====================
 