Mazzy Star - 1990-08-14, Cleveland, Babylon A Go Go club

This is a much improved, re-mastered (Jan., 2019) version of this recording thanks to Dime member kneesfudd who worked on it with technical skills and resources beyond my own. It will replace versions of the recording I've previously been sharing. 

This show contains four never released songs, including one (track 09) which appears to be a unique rarity as it's the only recording I know of of the song.

00 (Intro) 
01 Be My Angel  
02 Blue Flower [Slapp Happy cover]
03 When You Were Young [unreleased. Also findable on other live recordings] 
04 Ghost Highway  
05 She Hangs Brightly 
06 Bells Ring  
07 Halah                      
08 Candle [unreleased. Findable on other 1990 live recordings. Formerly mis-titled "It's a Shame"]  
09 It's Over [unreleased. My tentative title. We don't know its true title. It's the only recording of this song I know of]    
10 Walk in Dark [unreleased. Findable on other 1990 live recordings.]  
11 Give You My Lovin'  
12 I'm Sailin' [Memphis Minnie cover]
12a (MC speaks)
.............................
Here are kneesfudd's descriptions of the fixes he
applied to this recording, QUOTE:
"differential EQ applied
averaged single speed correction +0.7% to all but last 2 songs
level issues at ends of songs corrected
some fades fixed
dead air at beginning deleted
some claps & clapping reduced
NO NR (noise reduction)"

Kneesfudd also sent me a second version with NR, but I prefer the results in this version without NR so am going with it. The NR one had more problems with the audio in spots. 

Facebook fan Group member Ray Sferra attended this 1990 show and made the original recording with
a Panasonic RQ-335 walkman-style cassette recorder. Thanks go to Ray for generously sharing his recording.
https://www.facebook.com/groups/6071129794/

I've included lyrics (see below) of the unreleased original songs from this show. The lyrics are
my own attempts to transcribe words. Biggest challenge was the song tentatively
titled "It's Over." This show has the only version of the song I'm aware exists, so it's all I had 
to work with, and unfortunately Hope's words on the track here are not very clear, but are somewhat muffled, instead. But I ended up being pleased with the transcribed results after listening carefully and repeatedly with headphones, adjusting EQ, and using Audacity audio software to create an audio file of the song 20% slower in speed, making it easier to hear more clearly every sound of a line or word. I like to think I likely got most of the words right.

Lyrics to the three other unreleased songs I transcribed from another 1990 show, one recorded by Scott Simpson (and shared via Dime previously), Aug. 2, 1990, NYC, Woody's, as words are easier to discern in Scott's recording.

The unreleased songs in this recording are also findable on some other 1990 show recordings - except for the one song, Track 09, I've tentatively dubbed "It's Over," a song I've never before heard Mazzy Star or any other artist do. The lyrics' theme and style it's written in is reminiscent of another unreleased 1990 Mazzy Star song the band played at this same gig, "Walk in Dark,"  which I assume Hope likely wrote. 

Online searches of lyrics lines hear-able in the mystery song turn up no known songs. Plus, when I upped the song to youtube, yt's scanning computers ID-ed no copyright holders: more evidence it's likely an unreleased Mazzy Star original.

At the venue, Hope signed an insert from the "She Hangs Brightly" CD for Ray Sferra, the taper of this 1990 Cleveland show. Here's Ray's account (he posted to the FB fan Group) of meeting Hope there, QUOTE:

"Here is a CD liner inside from She Hangs Brightly... The CD liner I had Hope sign at [the] Cleveland show, 8/14/90, at a place called Babylon-a-Go-Go, which is in Cleveland's Ohio City neighborhood and was across from the West Side Market. I could find no reference to that show online. I went early to that show hoping to meet her and after a little wait there she was. It was just me and her for about two minutes. I remember asking her about the lyrics for Blue Flower and she clarified some for me. I did ask for a picture, but she said her manager doesn't allow them. She was really nice and a little shy..." (-Ray Sferra)

Ray did later find, via a library archives search, a newspaper review of this show, and a 1990 newspaper ad for the club that listed Mazzy Star's show. He says a club with the same name "Babylon A Go Go" is still in Cleveland as of 2017, but it's on a different street. 

A handwritten set list used on stage by Mazzy Star's Hope Sandoval, 1990-08-18, Chicago, Metro Cabaret was collected from the stage by Roman Tatus after the show and a photo of it was shared by Roman in a FB fan group. It's significant as it helps ID several songs Mazzy Star played live in 1990, but never released. Live recordings of the songs exist but their correct song titles were previously uncertain. By cross-referencing audible lyrics to titles on this set list, I was able to ID correct titles for the three of the unreleased songs played at this 1990 Cleveland show: "When You Were Young," "Candle'" and "Walk In Dark."

-Hermesacat (Bob B.)
.............................................................
LYRICS TO the four UNRELEASED SONGS:

WHEN YOU WERE YOUNG   (lyrics transcribed from Woody's NYC gig recording, 1990, Aug. 9)
When you were down from
I was around
But don't you call
Out my name
Because you know it - 
It ain't the same
Anymore
Anymore
When you were young
I was around
But I didn't listen to ya
'Cause you're probably wrong
But you know it -
It ain't the same
Anymore
Anymore
Because when you're young
And so in love
It's so easy to lose sight
But even though I tell you this now
I really, really don't care
No I don't care
No I don't care
When you were young
I was always around
But I wouldn't listen to ya
'Cause you're probably wrong
But if you hear me
I think you'll know what I mean
............................................

CANDLE (lyrics transcribed from Woody's NYC gig recording, 1990, Aug. 9)

Hold a candle to my face
I just want to see the lights
You and me, we went our separate ways
[ And that's all I know tonight ]-?
We went driving in your car
And you took me by the hand
Now I don't know just where you are
I wanna know what I can
I miss your smile
I kiss your face
I tell you good-bye
And it's a shame
Don't you wake me 'cause I'm not dreamin'
Another one of your sudden mistakes
[I ain't planning to be knocked down ]-?
['Cause you know it's not worth a taste ]-?
I miss your smile
I kiss your face
I'll tell you good-bye
But it's a shame
We went driving in your car
And you took me by the hand
Now I don't know just where you are
I wanna know what I can
I miss your smile
I kiss your face
I wish you alive
But it's a shame
It's a shame
.................................................
IT'S OVER (or what ever it's real title is. Lyrics transcribed from Ray Sferra's 
1990 Cleveland recording)

It makes us nervous 
So what's the bother?
You hold a light when I walk you into town
It means it's over, while it's over
And I ain't someone to lonely my love
It's over, yeah it's over
You hold a rhythm
Two design
Kiss the future
As it takes you for a ride

All alone as I walk you down a path
Hold the night Babe, it's you and the past
Say goodnight, take goodbye
Walk and watch you, but you would rather show  
Say goodbye, say goodbye

Your heart it spins
Just like a planet
You watch the tide go home losin' high
Don't do pain, don't do pain

To watch the future, just ain't my style
What I was to gaze into your eyes
Which means it's over, life is over
I start to plan, is it known by now?
And you his hostage taker too you
'Cause it's over, yeah it's over
................................................

WALK IN DARK (lyrics transcribed from Woody's NYC gig recording, 1990, Aug. 9)

When I was lost in the docks: changes everything
I strolled by the lake: change of feelings
I think I told you, maybe I did
That love was gone, and how it is
And you're here by my side
And your prosaic heart's in it
But my heart just ain't in it
'Cause you have gone away
But you're still my arms at night
Bad dreams smile to my face!
They're real
I couldn't hold you in our teens
And you walk with your eyes closed to me
So do I
I think about you, and I think about who-
About who you say that still ain't cool
And maybe you're wrong
But you're still my arms at night
Bad dreams smile to my face!
They're real






