This is a re-upload.
Here is the description the original poster & uploader wrote:

"Well, I'm finally getting around to digitizing my 700+ cassettes 
(at my wife's insistence--she wants them out of the house), so I'm 
going to start posting some goodies here. I taped many a show in the 
Toronto area from the late '80's to the late '90's, and also recorded
 a lot of radio broadcasts, mostly from CFNY, 102.1 in Toronto. 
Hope you stumble across something you like, or even a show you were at!

addendum: I have had many comments about the fate of my tapes, 
so for those worried about them...the masters I am boxing up and 
storing in my parents' basement. The others (mixed tapes, recorded LP's,
 etc) are getting tossed. My wife is not evil or insensitive--we live in 
a small place, and the many boxes were getting in the way.  This is 
something I'VE wanted to do for awhile, as well.  She just gave me 
the push. Oh, and she doesn't have shelves of makeup, or hundreds of 
shoes, no matter what stereotypes you care to buy in to. Her comic 
collection, however....


Mazzy Star--Massey Hall, Toronto, Nov. 21, 1990

Opening for Cocteau Twins (which I will post eventually), this was a bad
 night for Mazzy Star.  One of their amps had a very nasty buzzing noise, 
usually drowned out by the music, but quite noticable between songs.  
Near the end, it got much worse.  Someone in the crowd screams "fix it!".
  A moment later, Hope declares "You guys are full of shit", 
throws down her tambourine, and walks off.  The band start "Blue Flower",
 with David looking into the wings, trying to coax her back.  
The other 2 guys shrug apologetically and follow--end of show. 
I saw them again a few years later opening for the Jesus and Mary Chain,
and she threw a hissy fit there as well.  Great voice, incredibly
 beautiful, and very tempermental."

Lineage: aud master from Sony Walkman>M audio sound card>wav>flac 
 editing with CDWav

Track Listing:
01. Be My Angel
02. Give You My Lovin'
03. When You Were Young
04. Halah
05. Bells Ring
06. She Hangs Brightly
07. Ghost Highway
08. I'm Sailin'
09. [technical issues]
10. Blue Flower (aborted)

Enjoy!

This is number 79 in an ongoing series.