11 YEARS OF LIVE EXPERIENCE: MY TOP 20 SHOWS ON DIME!

Hello, 2008 is almost over so i thought I would make a kind of summary of the last decade and select those shows I taped 
over the 1997-2008 period which I enjoyed most and then make a personal Top 20 ranking. These shows (except for those that
cannot be uploaded on DIME because they are not compliant) will be seeded here from now till the end of the year. Believe me,
all of them were top quality and it was not easy to do a proper ranking. As always, they will span from rock to brazilian
music, to jazz, progressive and pop. You will see here a mix of shows already seeded in my Master Series but deleted since
a long time, some others still on the tracker and some uncirculated shows you've never seen in the trading circuit or here
on DIME. It's going to be some fun, gents. They are all from my masters.

#20 - PAT METHENY GROUP: Milano, Mazda Palace - June 21, 2005
#19 - SIGUR ROS: Castellazzo di Bollate, Villa Arconati - June 25, 2003
#18 - JAN GARBAREK: Milano, Auditorium di Milano - May 19, 2003
#17 - PREMIATA FORNERIA MARCONI (PFM): Firenze, Saschall - January 13, 2004

Ready to go? Here we go with #16...

LDB Master Series #160

Hello, this is a collection of masters I would like to seed here. I've been taping shows for more than 20 years and have an 
awful lot of masters. Most of them are in the old cassette format, some others are on MiniDisc and others are on CD. I've 
taped many shows of many artists over the years, so don't be surprised if you will find many different artists taped! Some 
shows are already circulating, some others have not circulated through collectors yet. But most of all, enjoy! 
They all come from my masters! 

DO NOT share this music on mp3, just convert it for your own use. Sharing mp3's is the right way to make me stop sharing 
music here. 

COLDPLAY
Milano, Alcatraz
November 7, 2000

01.Spies 
02.Trouble
03.Bigger Stronger
04.High Speed
05.Shiver 
06.Animals
07.Sparks
08.Don't Panic
09.Help Is Round The Corner 
10.Yellow
11.Everything's Not Lost

missing encores:

12.We Never Change
13.You Only Live Twice

Lineage: Aiwa microphone CM-DS6 > Sony Net MD MZ-N910 > Audiophile 2496 Soundblaster > HD > SoundForge 7.0 > CD Wave > 
FLAC Frontend (level 6) 

Chris Martin - vocals, guitar, piano
Jonny Buckland - lead guitar
Guy Berryman - bass
Will Champion - drums

When I went to this show, I had no clue of who Coldplay was, never heard anything from them. I was convinced to go from a
few friends and since I had arrived a day before from a business trip in the US, I had no time to buy their parachutes album.
I literally had no idea of what sort of music they were playing. The venue was packed and sold out, with many teenagers
in the audience. When the show started with the crying guitar of Jonny Buckland, I knew right away that I was going to see
a good show. And infact this is my favourite Coldplay period. After Parachutes I feel they have lost their creativity and
although I had enjoyed other shows I saw over the following years by the band, it was not like the very first time. Chris
Martin kept referring during the show to a guy called Francesco, not explaining why. The peaks for me where the opener
Spice and the great early tune Bigger Stronger. After the regular set I changed my disc but something must have gone wrong
because when I listened to it back home, the second disc was blank, so the encores are missing. Curiously, the same encores
are missing from the radio broadcast of the show that circulates. But I don't think my audience version which sounds quite 
nice has circulated a lot untill now. I have fond memories of that show and that band, hoping that one day they will come
back to their roots.

ldb

