Coldplay - 2003.06.03 - Cox Arena, SDSU, San Diego, CA 

Source: Sony ECM-737 > Sony TCD-D7 @ 48khz 
Transfer: Sony TCD-D8 > 7-pin coax > M-Audio Audiophile USB (spdif) > Audacity > CDWave > FLAC8 

Taper: mikito 


01.Intro
02.Politik 
03.God Put A Smile Upon Your Face 
04.A Rush Of Blood To The Head
05.Daylight
06.Trouble 
07.One I Love
08.Don't Panic
09.Moses 
10.Everything's Not Lost (feat. Rock Your Body) 
11.The World Turns Upside Down 
12.Yellow 
13.The Scientist (feat. What A Wonderful World) 
14.Clocks
15.In My Place
16.Amsterdam 
 

Notes: 

Before taping this show, I had seen and taped Coldplay at the May 31st show at the Hollywood Bowl. My tape for that show came out nice.  But given that the show was professionally recorded and broadcast on KROQ, it made sharing my tape somewhat pointless. So, a few days later, while looking for tickets to shows, it was on a fluke that I saw that someone was selling their tickets to the San Diego show. $25 a ticket for the first row behind the soundboard. I couldn't resist, so I snatched them up and went. The Hollywood Bowl shows were a triumph for the band, so I was interested to see how this show would turn out. In my experience, whenever a band plays San Diego after they've had a successful showing in LA, the shows here tend to be a nice extension of those shows, while also being just a little more relaxed. As if the energy carries over, but none of the pressure. This was no exception. The nice thing about this show was that the band's lighting rig and video screens were used in full, whereas at the outdoor Hollywood Bowl the lighting wasn't as impressive. At the end of this show, prior to Amsterdam, singer Chris Martin again did his "turn the houselights on" speech, and the band performed the song with the arena's lights on as the show closer. Normally I would've thought that was a nice touch. But given that taping a show is much easier to do in the dark, I was a little worried about being noticed with a mic hanging out of my shirt. Thankfully, the security staff standing 5 feet in front of me the whole show never saw a thing.
Enjoy!