Coldplay
Etihad Stadium, Melbourne, Australia
Saturday 10th December, 2016
Recorded by eckythump from front arena section 1 (right hand side of stage)
Source: Nokia Lumia Icon w/built-in HAAC mics > Audio Recorder Pro app > 16bit/48 KHz PCM/WAV 
Encoding: Trader's Little Helper > FLAC (Level 8)

Track List:

00 - O mio babbino caro (Maria Callas song and extended intro with Charlie Chaplin speech)
01 - A Head Full of Dreams 
02 - Yellow
03 - Every Teardrop Is a Waterfall
04 - The Scientist (w/ You're The Voice snippet)
05 - Birds 
06 - Paradise (with Tiësto remix outro)

B-stage:
07 - Always in My Head
08 - Princess of China
09 - Chris Talks
10 - Everglow

A-stage:
11 - Clocks
12 - Midnight (partial)
13 - Charlie Brown 
14 - Hymn for the Weekend
15 - Fix You
16 - Heroes (David Bowie cover)
17 - Viva la Vida
18 - Adventure of a Lifetime

C-stage:
19 - Encore break
20 - In My Place 
21 - Chris Talks
22 - Don't Panic (w/ Shane Warne on harmonica)
23 - Chris Talks and Instragram request
24 - Swallowed In The Sea 
25 - Green Eyes

A-stage:
26 - Amazing Day
27 - A Sky Full of Stars (played twice, with a marriage proposal in the middle)
28 - Up&Up

Show Notes: My second Coldplay show for the year after seeing them at Metlife Stadium in New Jersey in July (that recording is also up on Dime), and equally as impressive as that one (although Shane Warne is no substitute for Michael J Fox :D). Seeing the visuals of a Coldplay show is half the fun, with fireworks, confetti, impressive light displays from everyone's wrist band and giant colourful bouncy balls (of which a few I had the fun of hitting around), but without the great music to back it up there wouldn't be much point. 
While Coldplay setlists don't vary too much from show to show apart from the C-Stage acoustic set (the lack of Viva La Vida songs is especially disappointing imho as I love that album), the things that set this show apart included:
- Chris singing part of John Farnham's You're The Voice at the end of The Scientist (a very famous singer and song in Australia for those unfamilar with it)
- Shane Warne (one of the most famous/infamous Australian cricket players of all time for those who don't know who he is) adding some harmonica to Don't Panic, after a very amusing story about Coldplay's origins. Onya Warney!
- First performance of Swallowed In The Sea since February 28 2007, as a request for Phil Harvey, the "creative director" of Coldplay, and regarded as the fifth member of the band, who was leaving the tour and heading home after the show
- A Sky Full Of Stars was played twice, after it ended Chris got a couple up who got engaged on the stage, then they decided to play the song again. I debated whether to split this into 3 tracks, but got lazy, so it's one 11 minute track

All up a great show from what I consider to be one of the best stadium acts going around today. Enjoy! 


Recording Notes: Great sounding recording, came out much better than I was anticipating given the problems you can have with sound in sports stadiums, but all in all it came out really well. There's a bit of talking here and there (and some off key singing, particularly from Fix You to Viva la Vida, thanks anonymous blonde haired lady behind me), but it's not too distracting for the most part - hey it's a huge stadium show with 70,000 people, many of whom only go to 1 or 2 shows a year and enjoy a few drinks, it's inevitable there will be some talkers. The talkers left around Green Eyes, so the last 3 songs sound especially good. If you like Coldplay you'll enjoy listening to this! (perhaps skip through the encore break track though to avoid listening to people talking about beer being spilt on their shoes and some drunk whoooaaaaa singing, as well as some off key Amazing Grace singing!)