LDB Special Series #311

Out of my 7,000+ shows and radio broadcasts, I have many concerts that were special for some reasons: the setlist, the
musicians, the venue or unexpected events. These are the ones I'd like to propose you. Most of these come from my
cassettes collection, so they will be released at a slower pace than my Master Series! But you won't be disappointed!
I will try to gather the most unusual things I have in my collection and, as always, your feedback and comments will be my
reward for all the work involved in this project.

DO NOT share this music on mp3, just convert it for your own use. Sharing mp3's is the right way to make me stop sharing
music here.

Let me make a point about musicians who do not allow their shows to be traded / shared for free:

1) Some of those people claim that they don't like others to trade / share their intellectual property. I am not going to
remind how really intellectual property works in other sectors such as IT but let's say that these people do care about
shows being traded for free while they do not care when photos made by professionals wearing a 'photo pass' are sold and a
profit is made beyond their will. Trackers are an easy target to ‘kill’, where individual sites by photographers are more difficult
to stop.

2) Some of these artists are themselves listeners / owners of ROIOs both audio and video, although they don't want to admit it.
And they are quite embarrassed when it is found out.

3) Most, if not all, of those who record shows do it discreetly since it is well known that the best way to be caught is to
show the microphone in front of the artist. Those who really show-off are the ones who like to film a few minutes of the
show with their smartphone or camera to keep a souvenir or post it to youtube...Not really a danger...

4) Nobody claims to have the 'right' to record shows. If artists feel that - for whatever reason - they don't want their shows
to be shared, fair enough. But they do not have to find irrealistic reasons why they don't want this to happen. Let's say that, if
you take the list of artists for which recordings exists (let's say...5000/6000), only a very small minority requires their
shows to be banned (let's say less than 50) which is less than 1%. Are they right or wrong? I don't know, let's only say that
they just doing the opposite of the big majority, as much as today's world is all about sharing freely as long as this does not
cause a financial damage to the owner, which is not the case.

5) The presence of live shows has never been the reason for an artist to be successful. But for some of them it has helped. A lot,
especially in the early days. And some of the artists that are today against such recordings are the ones that have probably taken
advantage from their shows circulating and building a strong and loyal fanbase. On the other side, artists such The Rolling Stones
or Bob Dylan for which live recordings have always been more a pain in the neck (especially in the vinyl boot days) are among
those who are ok with such recordings. Strange, isn't it?

6) The Beatles, U2, Led Zeppelin, Frank Zappa, David Bowie, Pink Floyd, Genesis, Rolling Stones, Radiohead, Pearl Jam.
What do these artists have in common? They all allow their recordings to be shared. Then one has a hard time to figure out
why artists like Artful Dodger, Dickey Betts, Blackfield, ELP, King Crimson, Bo Diddley, John Scofield do not allow it. And
the "excuses" are the most fantasy ones. "contractual obligations and the wishes of other musicians with differing opinions";
"They object to the presumption that it’s okay for someone else to barter and trade our intellectual property". Some others
send lawyers letters while it is sufficient a simple email on behalf of the artists to have them in the NAB list. And artists
like ELP who are in the NAB list do rip people off by releasing and selling their own crappy live shows recorded with a crappy
microphone with an awful sound quality!

7) Recordings are part of the music history, and no lawyer will stop them, especially in this digital era. Thanks to it we have
invaluable documents that keep the legacy of the music and make sure that some moments are captured for posterity. If a certain
Dean Benedetti did not bring his recorder, we would not have today the privilege to listen to some of the finest Charlie Parker
solos that have been saved for music students and jazz lovers to listen and learn. And God bless Mike Millard…

Live music recording will always exist, beyond me, you or the artists and his well paid legal department. That, is a fact... 

SIGUR ROS
Copenhagen, RADIO DENMARK STUDIOS
January 2000 (possibly either 26th or 27th)

01.Dauðalagið
02.Untitled
03.Nýja lagið
04.Svefn-g-englar
05.Ný batterí
06.Untitled
07.Outro

TT 64:00

Lineage: FM broadcast > CD > EAC > SoundForge 7.0 > FLAC Frontend (level 6) 

While browsing my collection I came across this Radio Session from radio denmark simply dated January 2000. Since the band played
London on the 25th, then a day off and Odense on the 27th, my best guess is that they recorded this session either on the 26th
or on the 27th. On the 28th they were already in Sweden.

This makes the third live show of the band outside Iceland, and it is typical early Sigur Ros. The recording is a bit hissy but overall
enjoyable.

ldb