Sigur Ros, St George's Church, Brighton, UK, April 21st 2001 (AUD remaster)

Lineage: Sony lapel mic --> Sharp Minidisc (mono mode) --> Cool Edit --> Light EQing and normalizing --> Master CD --> FLAC (level 8)

Ripped with dBPowerAmp - just about every other program crashed my computer... including EAC.

Track listing (alternate titles are the corresponding unnamed tracks on the () album)

Disc 1
======

1) Fyrsta / Untitled 2
2) Samskeyti / Untitled 3
3) Von
4) Ný Batterí
5) Hugann Seiða Svalli Frá (with Steindór Andersen)
6) Kem ég enn af köldum heiðum (with Steindór Andersen)
7) Fjöll í austri fagurblá (with Steindór Andersen)

Disc 2
======

1) Dauðalagið / Untitled 7
2) Nyja Lagið
3) Olsen Olsen
4) Hafssól
5) Svefn-g-englar
6) Popplagið / Untitled 8

Thanks to sigur-ros.co.uk for helping a great deal with the track names.

The release of the new Heima DVD and Hvarf-Heim EP got me to dig this one out again.  I recorded this on the night and it was circulated a bit at the time, though my transfer from MiniDisc to PC was flawed, especially on the second disc.  So, around a year later, I did the transfer again to remove the distortion that occured, and ran a little magic fairy dust (OK, so some light EQing and normalizing in Cool Edit) around the sound.  I traded the remastered discs with a couple of people, but I don't think it's in very wide circulation in this version.

Without doubt, this is the best gig I have ever seen.  The venue - a still-consecrated Georgian church in a residential area in Brighton, not far from the seafront - was somehow perfect.  We were first in, but sat in the third row for fear of the mics being spotted.  The band were set up in the altar area.  There was some light amplification, but not much due to the church's location and the fact that I reckon the band wanted the place's natural acoustics to be to the fore.

It was light - just - when the band came on.  There was very little extra lighting to my recollection, but it didn't matter peering into the gloom as dusk came.  As you'll be able to hear, the audience were respectfully silent for the most part apart from applause.  It was the most incredible atmosphere you could imagine.  A couple of hours later, after a sublime set, we left reeling towards the doors.  People were in tears.  I'm still not sure how we got home that night.