11 YEARS OF LIVE EXPERIENCE: MY TOP 20 SHOWS ON DIME!

Hello, 2008 is almost over so i thought I would make a kind of summary of the last decade and select those shows I taped 
over the 1997-2008 period which I enjoyed most and then make a personal Top 20 ranking. These shows (except for those that
cannot be uploaded on DIME because they are not compliant) will be seeded here from now till the end of the year. Believe me,
all of them were top quality and it was not easy to do a proper ranking. As always, they will span from rock to brazilian
music, to jazz, progressive and pop. You will see here a mix of shows already seeded in my Master Series but deleted since
a long time, some others still on the tracker and some uncirculated shows you've never seen in the trading circuit or here
on DIME. It's going to be some fun, gents. They are all from my masters.

#20 - PAT METHENY GROUP: Milano, Mazda Palace - June 21, 2005

Ready to go? Here we go with #19...

LDB Master Series #157 - #19 in the Top 20 shows

Hello, this is a collection of masters I would like to seed here. I've been taping shows for more than 20 years and have an 
awful lot of masters. Most of them are in the old cassette format, some others are on MiniDisc and others are on CD. I've 
taped many shows of many artists over the years, so don't be surprised if you will find many different artists taped! Some 
shows are already circulating, some others have not circulated through collectors yet. But most of all, enjoy! 
They all come from my masters! 

DO NOT share this music on mp3, just convert it for your own use. Sharing mp3's is the right way to make me stop sharing 
music here. 

SIGUR ROS
Castellazzo di Bollate (near Milano), Villa Arconati
June 25, 2003

01.Vaka 
02.Samskeyti 
03.Starálfur 
04.Göng 
05.Njosnavelin
06.Olsen Olsen 
07.Viðrar Vel Til Loftárása  
08.Hafssól 
09.Smaskifa 
10.Ný Batterí (fades in)
11.Mílanó 
12.Popplagið

Lineage: Aiwa microphone CM-DS6 > Sony Net MD MZ-N910 > Audiophile 2496 Soundblaster > HD > SoundForge 7.0 > CD Wave > 
FLAC Frontend (level 6) 

Jón Þór "Jónsi" Birgisson - guitar, lead vocals
Georg "Goggi" Hólm - bass
Kjartan "Kjarri" Sveinsson - keyboards, piano
Orri Páll Dýrason - drums

with Amína:
Hildur Ársælsdóttir - violin
Edda Rún Ólafsdóttir - viola
Maria Huld Markan Sigfúsdóttir - violin
Sólrún Sumarliðadóttir - cello

What was amazing of that show was the atmosphere and the great feeling that night. The show was performed on a warm evening
in front of the amazing Villa Arconati, in the suburbs of Milano. The audience was in complete silence during the whole show.
This was the best tour in my opinion because it included lots of oldies played by musicians that had been on the road for
some 3 years now and since the first time I had seen the band in 2001, this show was a huge improvement. The show was
sponsored by the Icelandic Tourist Office in Italy, so at the entrance you could take a booklet with all the best places
to visit in Iceland.
This one sounds clear and crisp and I just had to re-balance the sound. And the music is absolutely stunning. 
Definetely Worth a #19 position in my Top 20 show from the last decade.

ldb 




