Sigur Rós
Friday 21 november 2008
Alexandra Palace
London, United Kingdom


Lineage: GM Standard > GM Battery Box > iRiver H320 > Audacity (Hard Limiter) > CD Wave (tracksplitting) > Trader's Little Helper > flac
Tagged with MP3tag

Location: center front, 3 people before me

Taped, transferred and seeded on Dimeadozen.org by: _tunic_

Duration: 01h43m40s


Setlist

01  intro
02 Svefn G Englar
03 Glosoli
04 Ný batterí
05 Fljótavik
06 Við spilum endalaust
07 Hoppípolla
08  talking
09 Með blóðnasir
10 Inní mér syngur vitleysingur
11 E-bow
12 Sæglópur
13 Festival
14 Hafsól
15  talking
16 Gobbledigook
17  encore
18 All alright
19 Popplagið


Band:

Jón Þór (Jónsi) Birgisson - Vocals, Guitar, Bow, Keyboards
Kjartan (Kjarri) Sveinsson - Keyboards, Vocals, Guitar
Orri Páll Dýrason - Drums, Strange Hat
Georg (Goggi) Holm - Bass, Drumstick Bass

- Kjartan Holm - Xylophone on Hafsól
- Kjartan Holm, Guðfinnur Sveinsson, Elvar J. Guðmundsson, Jóhannes Ólafsson - Drums on Gobbledigook 



Notes:

I had never really listened to any songs of Sigur Ros, but I happened to be in London for a few days to see Low, so decided to get me a ticket for this. And I didn't regret it for a minute, what a great show it was. I'm also glad I decided to go there early to stand in front, I read in some reviews that the sound wasn't so good in the back of the hall and people couldn't see a thing. From my position both sound and view were great.
The quality of this recording is probably not the best, but I'm quite happy with the way it turned out. I had already given up on these  microphones, most of my recent recordings were full with dropouts. All the shows I taped in the UK however are all clean. All I did on this one in Audacity was to hard limit a couple of loud applause sections. I didn't feel the need to master it in any other way. If you think you can improve it some further, please go ahead but let me know about it.
There's some loud applause, and screaming but not too disturbing. There was a guy standing next to me who coughed all the way through, and in the end I got a sore throat so I joined him (but I tried to do it during the louder sections). Then there were two times people trying to bash their way to the front, and I had an argument with them. Sorry about that.
This recording would perhaps not have been made if the girl standing next to me didn't carry a safety pin with her. Occasionally my iRiver will freeze up when the recording is stopped. It doesn't happen too often, but this time it did after For A Minor Reflection's set (which is shared simultanuously on Dime). All you can do in that case is to push the reset button, for which you need a needle point. So thank you once again!!




Please don't sell!
Please don't trade in lossy format!
Support the band. Buy their album(s), go see their shows.