
Sigur RÛs
July 29, 2012
Skyline Stage at the Mann Music Center
Philadelphia, PA USA


Source: AT831 (SP-CMC-2) > SP-SPSB-6 >iriver h120 (rockbox) 
Lineage: USB > PC > Adobe Audition 3.0 (boost volume) > flac level 8 > you!

Taper/'Editor': joebreslin
Location: about 3' left of center, 30' from stage


tracklist

01. Ekki Múkk 02. Varúð 03. Ný Batterí 04. Í Gær 05. E-bow 06. Sæglópur 07. Svefn-g-englar 08. Viðrar Vel Til Loftárása 09. Hoppípolla/Með Blóðnasir 10. Olsen Olsen 11. Festival 12. Hafsól 13. Encore Break14. Dauðalogn 15. Popplagið 



notes:  thank you to formengr for use of the rig, and for inez for sending it down after i couldn't pick it up from her after roger waters (this rig is becoming even more well traveled, even if it's just going from nyc to philly!).  

my first time seeing sigur ros, and my first attempt at taping. i think it turned out ok. i started off back by the board (more like 80-100 feet back) but everyone around me was sitting on blankets! i asked if they planned on sitting the whole time, and they said yes (!!!???!!!???) so before perfume genius started i moved up to the back of the standing crowd where i'd have a bit more cover. i hope the performance got those people in the back on their feet, but i wasn't about to check. couldn't help clapping a couple of times, and a 'nice' when they started hoppipolla. sorry! at least nobody around me yelled at me for ruining the tape. 

i also taped the second night but that's gonna require a little more work, so please be patient. 

- please don't remaster this and distribute it.
- please don't sell or do anything other than trade or share it freely. 
- DO NOT DISTRIBUTE IN ANY LOSSY FORMAT (no pleases here!) if you're going to degrade the quality of this recording, keep it to yourself.


if you're going to torrent this or post it somewhere else on the interwebs, please PM me first, i'd like to know where it's going.

thanks! hope you enjoy
- joebreslin 
August 1, 2012