Sigur Ros Date: 2012-11-13
Location:Perth, Australia
Venue: Belvoir Amphitheatre		
Source: AUD
Quality: 8/10


Recorded By: pyometronguts (petersell)

Recorded with: SP-SMC-8 SOUND PROFESSIONALS PREMIUM AUDIO TECHNICA SLIMLINE STEREO MICROPHONES Cardiod (with low sensitivity modification) plus SP-SPSB-11 and bass roll-off at 69Hz) -> Edirol HR09 -> wav (16BIT/44hz) -> Sony SoundForge 10 (click remova, mild compression)-> Harbal EQ -> CD Wave (track splitting) and to .FLAC(level 8) -> You


Seated - upper terrace centre of stage


Recording - fair audience recording, minor crowd noise/chatting/coughing.

Set List


01. Í Gær
02. Vaka
03. Glósóli
04. Svefn-g-englar
05. Sæglópur
06. Fljótavík
07. Viðrar Vel Til Loftárása
08. Hoppípolla
09. Með Blóðnasir
10. Olsen Olsen
11. Festival
12. Varúð
13. Hafsól

Encore:
14. Ekki Múkk
15. Brennisteinn
16. Popplagið

Review

Spend a couple of hours at a Sigur Rós concert and they’ll make you feel everything you’ve ever felt, and a couple of things you can’t explain. As 11 musicians filed onstage at Belvoir, an excited roar swept the Amphitheatre, before an expectant hush as the glockenspiel and driving guitar heralded the coming of ‘Í Gær’. There followed an excellent selection of songs from all albums, while Instagram – the motion picture played on the screen behind, alternating with mandalas and left-field imagery.

The curious thing about songs sung in Vonlenska/Hopelandic is that it almost sounds like words – and as the band intended, songs take on a special significance when you attach your own meaning. With less than five words spoken, Sigur Rós played their Perth audience into a steady burn of passion, down the spiral stair toward madness. They gave us the soaring anticipation of delight and the trudge of despair, introducing us to our own inexplicable depths. It was a phenomenally balanced performance of all of the songs we love, delivered with celestial majesty. Or as one punter put it, “I’m, I’m just spellbounded omg!” (sic)

Watching Jónsi Birgisson bow his guitar (or belt it with a drum stick), his statuesque silhouette dark, with transfixing imagery projected behind him, tassels flying, and intense concentration evident in his stance, was indeed spellbinding. Each member was eminently watchable, the strings and horns often in black silhouette against the bright screen framed the band perfectly, and placing the drum kit at the front of the stage, lit from beneath, made Orri Páll Dýrason’s performance shine, literally. During the epic ‘Festival’ he was hitting the skins with such speed and precision that you could believe the smoke and orange light was coming from a fire caused by the friction.

At times, the vocals stretched with such longing that our own throats ached in sympathy, but hardly a sound came from the crowd during the songs. It seemed every tune was a favourite for someone – excited squeals erupted at the first few notes of every track before transforming back into amazed silence. The one exception came after Birgisson held a single note during ‘Festival’ for an impressively long minute, which elicited an awed cheer. Even during the 30 seconds of silence in the middle of ‘Viðrar Vel Til Loftárása’ the crowd held their collective breath and uttered not a sound (well, almost – there’s always someone, isn’t there?)

Sigur Rós left us with an encore that included the unreleased ‘Brennisteinn’ (Brimstone) which was indeed fiery. It is expected to appear on their next album, which Georg Hólm described as “an anti-_Valtari_”. The song was much heavier than most of the tracks of the night, and proof the band has the skills when it comes to making angry angel music as well. Based on the first taste, it sounds like the next album will be another piece of genius.

If the silence of the crowd caused any doubt at the level of enjoyment, the five-minute standing ovation dispelled it. The band returned for a bow and graciously accepted the waves of admiration pouring their way from starry-eyed fans, every one of whom will want to be there the next time.

