*Always include this source file when sharing further*
*All musicial loveliness within is credited to its creators and performers*
*Support the artists when able*
http://www.sigur-ros.co.uk

Sigur Rós
UIC Pavilion
Chicago, Illinois, USA
2013-04-02
2059-2255

Taper
Jon G.

Location
Section 109 LoC

Lineage/Source
> Church Audio CA-14c (Hat-mount, 6" spacing)
> Church Audio CA-9100 v4.0
> CtG 1/8" TRS interconnect
> Edirol Roland R-09HR v3.00 (Line-in, unity gain, 24-bit/96kHz WAV)
> 8GB SanDisk Ultra II SDHC
> Transfer to PC with SD reader
> TLH 2.7.0.172 (FLAC Lvl. 8, FFP)
> CD Wave 1.98 (Tracking, exported as 24-bit/96kHz WAV)
> Sony Sound Forge 10.0c (Amplification, channels balanced, equalisation, light compression, fades, dithered/resamples/saved as 16-bit/44.1kHz WAV)
> TLH 2.7.0.172 (FLAC Lvl. 8, FFP)
> Foobar2000 1.1.14a (Tagging)

Sigur Rós this night was:
Jón Þór Birgisson - Lead Vocals, guitar, keyboard
Ólafur Björn Ólafsso - Keyboard, piano
Kjartan Dagur Hól - Guitar
Georg Hólm - Bass guitar, backing vocals
Orri Páll Dýrason - Drums
Six un-named members of the string and horn section (Help with names, please!)

Play Time - 01:55:59
Yfirborð
Ný batterí
Hrafntinna
Untitled #1 (Vaka)
Sé lest^ > Sæglópur
Fljótavík
Untitled #6 (E-Bow)
Varúð
Hoppípolla
Með blóðnasir
Kveikur
Olsen Olsen
Festival
Brennisteinn
Glósóli
Untitled #8 (Popplagið)

^ Only the last thirty seconds or so with a smooth segue

Notes
Though I was able to see Jónsi's solo material several times in 2010, this is the
first time seeing Sigur Rós for me. As highly energetic as those shows were, this was
emotional. A very beautiful performance and one I'm glad I was able to attend and
capture.

I'm not quite sure what to make of Oneohtrix Point Never, though, as most of
the time his music was rather difficult to follow and lacking in any sort of energy,
in my opinion. Most everyone else seemed to be of a similar mind.

The show was immensely enjoyable, and of particular note was the stage setup. An enour-
mous projection screen formed the backdrop of the stage on which a mix of live footage,
official videos, and animations/videos created specifically for this tour were shown.
Additionally, the couple dozen incandescent lights about the stage were quite beautiful
and added a warm, inviting feeling every now and again. From my perspective they seemed
to spell something, but I'm unsure if they actually did, and if so, what. Otherwise,
the stage was setup in the usual Sigur Rós fashion, although they did perform behind a
semi-translucent white curtain until partway through 'Ný batterí'. Some minor song
switches, with 'Hrafntinna'/'Vaka' and 'Olsen Olsen'/'Kveikur' both switching places.

The pull itself is rather decent. This show didn't sell out, although I was quick to
purchase a ticket as soon as they went on sale, and had I left it at that I would've
been way to the left in section 113. As tickets hadn't sold out immediately, however,
I continued to check Ticketmaster every few days or so, and luckily I scored a very
good, slightly left of centre seat in the dead centre section 109. The seat was very
close to the main entrance and hallway, and although curtains kept most of the light
out, drafts, and more importantly non-music/crowd sounds make cameos. Listen for the
clanking bottles during 'Brennisteinn'!

Some background hiss is mildly noticeable due to the amount of amplification I had to
apply. That said, it isn't the worst, but it's there. The crowd was largely respectful
and quiet during songs, excepting some clapping and hooting before the songs actually
end, and well after the songs have begun. Excitement I suppose.

Overall, a great experience. Enjoy!