Sigur Rós
Düsseldorf, Germany
Mitsubishi-Electric-Hall
25. November 2013

this is a minimax-front-row-recording
this is an Imd1Im-security-recording

minimax master-series #339

Master - Audience recording
Ticket-costs: 41,60 Euro
Taping-location: front row, a bit on the left side,  exact 1,86 meters from the stage
Sound-quality: excellent
  
Equipment: 
Zoom H4N - Sound professional microphones SP-CMC-8 - 
SP-SPSB-8 Sound Professionals  Mini Battery Module

weather-conditions: cold, about 5°C
visitors: about 2.500
catering: (by the two main actors) 1 double-cappuccino and a mineral water, one lentil soup
(eaten outside and before), two Mandarines, two Schnitten of bread with Emmentaler- and 
Passendale-cheese, three little bags of Gummibärchen
concert-info: the hall (formerly known as the Philipshalle) as usual a big crap! Not sold out  at all.
Half of the hall was hanged up with black curtains to give that nice feeling that it's completely
packed up! Starting behind the curtain - as usual- Jonsi and his Co.-musicians gave us a nice
light-show with fine films and light effects, but on the music-side we were both a bit disappointed
here because for us it seemed to be only a Jonsi-show with his backing-band. It was a  bit curious
when he tried to do the rocker coming  to the front of the stage and -later- throwing some lights
and his mikrophone-Ständer around. Maybe they'll become the new WHO in a few years  when he's smashing 
his guitar and the rest of the equipment. So it was up to Imd1Im to keep my back up free from the
nuts-going moshpit behind us and do this fine recording - by the way: eye in eye with a security-man.

And Sigur gave us no encore.

Artwork is included!

Line-up:

????

Setlist: (taken from the setlist I could grab)

Yfirborð 
Vaka 
Brennisteinn
Glósóli
Stormur
Hrafntinna
Sæglópur
Varúð
Happy Birthday
Hoppípolla & Með Blóðnasir
Rafstraumur
Kveikur
Festival
Popplagið 
Applause

Support this band
Buy their records on vinyl
Go to their concerts!!!!
Do not sell. For trading only. ..and -of course- for fun!