Sigur Rós

Santa Barbara Bowl,
Santa Barbara, CA
April 19, 2013


Lineage:  CA-14 (cardioids) > CA-9200 > GAKables mini starquad > Edirol R-09HR (@ 24bit/96kHz) > Audacity (fades, amplify, export as 16bit/44.1kHz) > CD Wave (track splits) > TLH (flac level 8)
Taper:  klingklang
Location:  Section G


01. Yfirborð
02. Ný Batterí 
03. Vaka 
04. Hrafntinna 
05. Sæglópur 
06. Svefn-G-Englar 
07. Varúð 
08. Hoppípolla > 
09. Með Blóðnasir
10. Olsen Olsen 
11. Kveikur
12. Festival
13. Brennisteinn 
encore
14. Glósóli
15. Popplagið 


Notes:

This was the Santa Barbara debut by Sigur Rós and my 9th time seeing them.  I was really sad to have not been able to see last year's show at the 
Hollywood Forever Cemetery (my first missed SR tour in Los Angeles--not counting that Shortlist Prize appearance I passed on because I wasn't sure 
they were going to perform), so I was beyond ecstatic when SR announced this SB show inbetween their Coachella appearances.  Due to my likelihood 
of being fatigued (i.e. aged), with this show ending a weeklong roadtrip I had scheduled around various Coachella side shows, I was insistent on 
having seats rather than the pit my SR roadtripping friend, poptarticus, desperately wanted.  But when tickets went on sale, we couldn't get a pair 
of seats any closer than where we ultimately ended up.  On the day of the show, I somewhat regretted my seating decision when I arrived at the Bowl 
about 30 minutes before doors and only saw a handful of people in the queue (there were even fewer people waiting than at the New Order/Johnny Marr 
show the day before).  And once inside the venue, after crawling up that hill at a snail's pace, visiting the restroom, purchasing an overpriced 
shirt and then locating my seat, I saw that there was still ample space along the rail in front of the stage.  Oh well.  

While I really enjoyed this show, it's kind of difficult to fully appreciate this band when one is at such a great distance from them.  Also, I was 
disappointed to only get one song from Valtari (then again, the 2012 Valtari tour barely had any Valtari songs either).  And the encore seemed a tad 
hurried (especially "Glósóli") due to the 10pm curfew, but at least we didn't get any dropped songs.  I have to say that while it was sad to not see 
Kjarri, it was impressive to see (and hear) the band expanded to an 11 piece, which seemed to add a great deal of depth to their sound.  Plus, we 
got four songs from the upcoming release, Kveikur--an album that sounds like it's going to be the heaviest thing SR has ever done.  And unlike my 
last SR show, I was not pelted with a beer (a moment of silence for my beloved, navy blue hoodie...it lived 7 years until it was struck down by that 
stainage), nor was I abused by a jerk who snatched a setlist from me that had been given to me by Orri's tech.  So there were some distinct upsides 
to this show for me.

Another one of those major upsides was that people were relatively quiet at this show and perhaps the most silent I've experienced since the Ágaetis 
Byrjun era (I easily admit to being nostalgic for that time because no one ever talked at those 2001 shows).  But as is usual with these SB Bowl 
crowds, there were people who just had to talk.  And since the majority of the crowd was quiet, when someone a few rows away was blabbing, that 
person may as well have been seated right next to me.  Poptarticus is of a similar mindset that shows are not meant as background music and she is 
really good at the 'turn around and give talkers the death stare,' but it was to no avail.  Ultimately, all we could do was share exasperated looks 
with one another.

There is brief chatter at the very beginning of "Hrafntinna" and some phasing since that song was used as a beer run for many.  There's more brief 
talking in "Sæglópur," while in "Svefn-G-Englar," there are a couple seconds of phasing and more extensive talking, plus a couple pops (those were 
in the PA), then some giggling and the kicking of a plastic cup near the end.  There's more talking in the beginning of "Varúð" and brief clapping 
along and sneezing at the beginning of "Hoppípolla."  There's far worse talking in "Með Blóðnasir," "Kveikur," "Festival" and "Popplagið" from the 
idiots a few rows behind me who sounded as if they were on their first date ("I prefer rap" was one of the woman's facepalm-inducing comments).  
Fortunately, their talking is not as loud on this recording as they were at the show.  I honestly thought I was going to end up with a completely 
useless recording based on how loud those two were.  Then, the people to my left, who talked all through Oneohtrix Point Never (the opener), 
started talking around the end of "Festival" on through the beginning of "Glósóli."  

When "Olsen Olsen" ended, my friend whispered to me.  Sorry about that.  It was a totally justifiable comment she made since the ending of that song 
was just breathtaking.  It was like one of those moments that reminded me why this band is one of my most favorite bands to see live.  Then, during 
the curtain call, my friend started talking to me again and then to her friends.  I kept taping as much as I could before it starting turning into a 
full-on conversation between her and her friends (the loudest bit is when one of her friends started to ask a question with the word "did," but then 
hesitated to continue after that).

There was a technical issue with the keyboards near the beginning of "Svefn-G-Englar" and Jónsi started to speak just as the song recovered, but I 
left it all tracked as one song.  And there is light digital interference in "Olsen Olsen," but it only lasts a second.  

I amplified this, but did nothing else to the recording.  And while I'm sure this is obvious to many, please be aware that it has that loud-soft/wide 
dynamic range issue, so be sure to turn it up at the appropriate times.  And if burning to cd, the suggested split is between "Með Blóðnasir" and 
"Olsen Olsen."

I took photos and have included a selection for your viewing pleasure.  If you'd like to see more pics from the evening, please refer to my photo 
set at http://www.flickr.com/photos/kling_klang/ 

And I know this is futile to request, but I'd be ever so grateful if you did not convert this to mp3 outside of personal use.  I'd be very sad to 
see this recording in mp3 on some blog or a file sharing site.

Thank you to poptarticus for going to another SR show with me and putting up with my taping.

Please support the band by buying their official releases and merch--especially their new album, Kveikur.

http://www.sigur-ros.co.uk
http://www.facebook.com/sigurros
http://www.twitter.com/sigurros
http://www.youtube.com/user/sigurros


Jón Þór Birgisson - vocals, guitar, keyboard 
Georg Hólm - bass, backing vocals 
Orri Páll Dýrason - drums, percussion, keyboard
Ólafur Björn Ólafsson - keyboard, piano, percussion, backing vocals
Kjartan Dagur Hólm – guitar, percussion, backing vocals

Okkr Ensemble:
Sigrún Jónsdóttir - trombone
Ingrid Karlsdóttir - viola
Guðbjörg Hlín Guðmundsdóttir - violin
Laufey Jensdóttir - violin
Eiríkur Orri Ólafsson - trumpet
Bergrún Snæbjörnsdóttir - french horn