Sigur RosMadison Square GardenNew York, NYMarch 25, 2013source: AT831 (SP-CMC-2) > SP-SPSB-6 > iriver h120 (rockbox)lineage: wav > wav (VLC) > flac > webtaper: Dan (thank you!!) location: section D, row 1rig+ticket: inez
editing: blg ((balanced channels, clap removal, no EQ)

uploader's comments: Here's to teamwork!!!
So, folks, as you noticed, I taped the night prior in Fairfax… And since I was in seats the first night, I really wanted to go all in and for the rail with my friend Joe the big night at MSG! But we also needed to make sure that MSG show was taped… you never know! So I snatched a lovely 'taping spot' seated ticket for the show and Joe arranged for his buddy Dan to operate my rig :) Our grand plan was that Joe+Dan would drive early in the morning from Philly to New York and queue for the rail, I will take a train from Washington and arrive there with the rig, then we will run a quick 'instruction session', and will part to go to our GA and a seat respectively. The unexpected complication was that in the morning we all found a foot of snow on the roads in both DC and Philly that could potentially utterly ruin our beautifully thought-through plans!! However, despite delays in getting to NYC, Joe+Dan were the first in GA queue and I delivered the rig fully charged and ready to go, and in the end everything went super-smoothly!

So many thanks go to Joe, my dear partner-in-crime for various gigs in DC-Philly-NYC area, to both boys driving through the blizzard and keeping a spot in queue till my bloody train arrives (while Dan didn't even need to freeze in queue at all!!), to Dan for doing a masterful job taping, and to BLG who has been literally 'on call' for us to get these files 'tuned up' for all of you to enjoy!! Also thank you to lovely people at the front of the queue (you know who you are) - it was a pleasure meeting you indeed!

This gig was ONE OF THE MOST AMAZING SHOWS I've ever seen!! And I have seen a few… If you have a shot at seeing Sigur Ros live - DO IT! You will not regret it.

inez

Tracklist01. intro 02. Yfirborð 03. Ný Batterí 04. Vaka 05. Hrafntinna 06. Sæglópur 07. Fljótavík 08. E-bow 09. Varúð  10. Hoppípolla 11. Með Blóðnasir
12. Olsen Olsen
13. Kveikur14. Festival
15. Brennisteinn 16. Encore break17. Glósóli
18. Popplagið19. Curtain Call (twice)Please support the band, buy their official releases and see their shows!Enjoy :-)**PLEASE DO NOT SELL OR SHARE IN LOSSY FORMATS!!**