https://sigurros.com/
https://www.wordlessmusic.org/

Sigur Rós
Auditorium Theatre
Chicago, Illinois, USA
2024-09-21

Taped By:
EnglishSkylarking

Location:
Right of centre on the floor/orchestra section ~ 80' from stage

Gear:
> Audio-Technica AT943 / Sound Professionals SP-CMC-8 w/ 4.7k mod
> Sony PCM-A10 (+12 input gain, agc/limiter disabled, 24/48 WAV)

Processing:
> iZotope RX11 (De-crackled the loudest claps away, magic wanding of some exceptionally loud "woos," saved-as 24/48 WAV)
> Audacity 3.6.1 (Manually ducked some sections of cheering, saved-as 24/48 WAV)
> MAGIX Sound Forge Pro 16.1.4 (EQ, enveloped remaining loudest claps, fades, resampled/dithered/saved-as 16/44 WAV)
> CD Wave 1.98 (Tracking)
> TLH 2.8.4.185 (FLAC Lvl. 8, FFP)

On this night Sigur Rós was:
Wordless Music Orchestra, conducted by Robert Ames - strings, percussion, brass, choral vox on Dauðalogn, Vaka
Jón Þór "Jónsi" Birgisson - vox, guitar, piano, keys
Georg "Goggi" Hólm - bass, keys
Ólafur Björn "Óbó" Ólafsson - percussion, keys
Kjartan "Kjarri" Sveinsson - guitar, keys

Play Time - 02:00:02
-set 1 intro: WMO walks out > final tuning > SR walks out-
Blóðberg
Ekki múkk
Fljótavík
8
Von
Andvari
Starálfur
Dauðalogn
Varðeldur
-set 1 outro-

-set 2 intro-
Untitled I (Vaka)
Untitled III (Samskeyti)
Heysátan
Ylur
Skel
All Alright
Untitled V (Álafoss)
Sé lest
Hoppípolla
Avalon @
-set 2 outro: uproarious curtain call- #

@ performed by Wordless Music Orchestra only
# three and one half minutes curtain call with standing ovation

Notes:
Good recording, mostly thanks to the tuned-in audience; there's next to no chatter except hushed words
between tunes. Although this was generally a quieter show, the first couple tunes are a little quieter
than the rest before I noticed how low the levels on the A10 were. Hoppípolla and Avalon were the loudest
of the night. The band and orchestra are a well-oiled machine at this point, and I was especially taken
by Sé lest, as every part of the orchestra gets some time in that track. Other standout pieces that
I thought most highlighted the musicianship of Robert Ames and the Wordless Music Orchestra and their
integration with Sigur Rós's music were Dauðalogn, Varðeldur, Vaka, and Heysátan. But really, these are
just my preferences. The whole show is a highlight. The roaring standing ovation we gave them at the end
of the night is a testament to that.

------------

If you'll suffer me waxing poetic for a moment:

I last saw Sigur Rós in this very theatre eleven years ago during their Kveikur tour, though they'd been
in Chicago a few times since, because things just hadn't lined up. I might've gone to the Minneapolis show
last year had the daily Amtrak that runs between the two cities been a thing then, alas all I could do was
hope they'd come around for another run of these special shows, so when they announced this one back in
February I ecstatically grabbed a ticket. I purposefully kept away from reading or listening to anything
about last year's shows with Wordless Music Orchestra, including the recordings that popped up here, so I
went in thinking it was going to be something similar to the last time I'd seen them, which is their usual
but with some orchestral accompaniment. I couldn't have been more astonished.

The arrangements were so well done and the orchestra so well integrated into Sigur Rós' music that I teared
up a couple times and ultimately left feeling that this was how Sigur Rós was always meant to be heard. I
also found the stage lighting to be a wonderful companion to to the music, especially that from those little
bulbs scattered around the stage at various distances and reaching up to various heights that I thought
made the orchestra and band look to be playing in the stars. I've always felt Sigur Rós's music to have
something of an ethereal quality to it, so those lights giving me that impression elevated the feeling I
had of experiencing music coming down from the heavens.

Listening back while working on the fileset, I just can't believe this isn't how it's always been. If you
went to any of the orchestra shows last year, then you might already know what I'm talking about. There are
still a few more stops left in the USA tour this year, and the Nordic tour starts November 24th, so if you're
still on the fence about going, I highly encourage you to get off the fence and go and experience it firsthand.
If you've also not listened to any recordings from any of the prior orchestra shows, good job, keep it up, and
do yourself a favor by letting your first time hearing this exceptional partnership be in the concert hall.