Well, I'm finally getting around to digitizing my 700+ cassettes (at my wife's insistence--she wants them out of the house), so I'm going to start posting some goodies here. I taped many a show in the Toronto area from the late '80's to the late '90's, and also recorded a lot of radio broadcasts, mostly from CFNY, 102.1 in Toronto. Hope you stumble across something you like, or even a show you were at!

addendum: I have had many comments about the fate of my tapes, so for those worried about them...the masters I am boxing up and storing in my parents' basement. The others (mixed tapes, recorded LP's, etc) are getting tossed. My wife is not evil or insensitive--we live in a small place, and the many boxes were getting in the way.  This is something I'VE wanted to do for awhile, as well.  She just gave me the push. Oh, and she doesn't have shelves of makeup, or hundreds of shoes, no matter what stereotypes you care to buy in to. Her comic collection, however....


My Bloody Valentine--Vancouver, July 1992

Starting a new box!  Means nothing to you folks, probably, but it means my job is slowly getting done.  This is box 5, and it seems to be the point where I was doing a lot of tape trades by mail.  Remember the old days?  Post a list online, scour other lists, send tapes and hope to get tapes back.  Usually you did, but as the internet got more popular, more people seemed to just be out to scam you.  I had basically stopped trading, but still had my web site up, when someone begged me to do a trade. He had a good list, so I agreed.  Really friendly in emails, until he received my tapes, then silence.  Never did receive anything in return.  That's when I took the page down. 
Did get a lot of stuff before then, including this MBV soundboard from Vancouver.  It may have come from a silver, I'm not sure, but it doesn't appear to be on the tracker at the moment.  Vocals are almost non-existant, but then again, that's their style. 

Lineage:not sure, probably first gen from silver>M audio sound card>wav>flac
editing with CDWav

Track Listing:
01. When You Sleep
02. I Only Said
03. Only Shallow
04. Slow
05. Nothing Much to Lose
06. You Never Should
07. Feed Me With Your Kiss
08. Soon
09. To Here Knows When
10. Honey Power
11. You Made Me Realize

Enjoy!

This is number 228 in an ongoing series. 