Band name: Staind
Date: Friday, September 27, 2019 (8:35-9:35)
Venue/location: Oak Stage, Highland Festival Grounds @ the Kentucky Expo Center, Louisville, Kentucky, USA
Event: Louder than Life festival 2019 (first day)
Tour name: 2019 Reunion Tour (first show in five years)
Recording type: Audience
Taper(s): Chickenwing
Media: Lossless; 1 CD
Source information: Digital Master
Lineage: Olympus LS-14 internal microphones (16 bit, 44.1 KHZ WAV) -> mastered in Goldwave -> track splitting in Goldwave -> encoded to FLAC level 6 using Trader's Little Helper
Generation: Master
Total running time: 58:04 (58 minutes)

Track listing
01. Intro
02. Eyes Wide Open
03. Paper Jesus
04. Not Again
05. Fade
06. For You
07. Crawl
08. Raw
09. Right Here
10. Outside
11. So Far Away
12. It's Been Awhile
13. Mudshovel

Notes and comments:
Every band on the Oak and Barrel stages was recorded.
The band:
Aaron Lewis – lead vocals, rhythm guitar
Mike Mushok – lead guitar
Johnny April – bass, backing vocals
Sal Giancarelli – drums

Recorded from the ADA platform.

The reunion of Staind was one of the major selling points of Louder Than Life for many people, and it is evident. Most of the crowd was completely captivated by this show, including Precious and I.  Every member of the band sounded fantastic, especially Aaron. His voice has held up impressively well, and Staind also marked the first time I ever heard Pyro at Louder Than Life. Other bands would utilize it throughout the weekend, but you always remember your first...
Staind's performance carries a certain indescribable power, and this set was second only to Slipknot on the first day of the festival.
Recording notes: The sound is really good at the new festival grounds. I didn't do my research though, so I put an incompatible 64 GB SD card in my Zoom. I elected to use the LS-14 to record Friday's bands instead until I could troubleshoot what was going on with the Zoom (as I wasn't sure at the time), so this recording is not up to par with my usual work.
So that you have been forewarned, there is an extremely annoying woman at the beginning of track two. Despite her, and the guy singing on the far left, the rest of the show turned out well. It was a tougher eq job than the other sets, but it is worth it. I was holding out for this to be the best recording from Friday, and it did not disappoint.

Support Staind: http://staind.com/
Support Louder Than Life, the biggest rock festival in america!: Http://louderthanlifefestival.com/
My masters: https://www.dropbox.com/s/rw7vl4egxozs9nt/Masters.txt?dl=1
If you're interested in a trade, a taper around Kentucky, Ohio, Indianna, Tenessee, or Missouri, or would like to contact me for any reason, I can be reached via the ID Chickenwing8 on www.dimeadozen.org or www.thetradersden.org. Alternatively, feel free to email me. Shane.lowe6989@gmail.com
I would like to include a heartfelt thank you to the people over at Setlist.FM for constantly doing their best to update and accurately post setlists from every show possible. Everyone makes mistakes (and they're known for it) but they have helped me immensely in writing up track listings for my show, and lots of the information found accompanying my shows is thanks to them. Whether I have used Setlist.FM to collect information for this particular show or not, they deserve so many thanks for all the help they have given me in the past.
Finally, the confusion in regards to the legality of recording concerts is due to those dishonorable individuals who sell them. I do not condone selling freely-shared live music, and blame those who sell concerts for the lack of people recording and sharing content. Let it also be noted that any who sell this recording deserve nothing more than to have their own collection confiscated and shared freely with the masses. Please only degrade audio quality for personal use. Also, I ask that you keep this info file intact.
Mastered by Chickenwing on October 19, 2019.
Enjoy!