Staind
2021-09-11
Shoreline Amphitheatre
Mountain View, CA

Taper: TJ (http://ratm.live)
Taping Location: GA section dead center about 10 feet from rail
Lineage: AT853s > SP-SPBP-10 > PCM-A10
Transfer: WAV > Audacity > FLAC (no adjustments)
Length: 

Setlist:

1. Eyes Wide Open
2. Open Your Eyes
3. Not Again
4. Face
5. Raw
6. Right Here
7. Crawl
8. Outside
9. Paper Wings
10. So Far Away
11. For You
12. It's Been Awhile
13. Mudshovel

Holy shit what a mess of a concert. I decided last minute to head on down to Shoreline because I was in the area visiting a friend and I wanted to go to a concert that night. I saw that tickets were 7 dollars (!) for the lawn section at Shoreline so I grabbed one and headed over. I got there to hear the opening band, "Fire From the Gods" play and they were pretty good. I wish I had recorded them. Anyway right before Staind came on a girl grabbed me and screamed at me, "Are you single? Because I'll show you Korn isn't nearly as good as pussy!" and I really wasn't sure how to respond to that. I think she had one too many Trulys so I edged up closer to the railing to get away from her. It seemed like everyone in my general vicinity was on her level because there was a LOT of drunken yelling and stumbling around. I guess that's what you get when you grab a cheap seat! I did run into that girl outside the venue as I was leaving and she told me she got arrested during the show but didn't say why. What a way to start and end a concert. Hope she got home safe!

My spot was in the lawn about 10 feet from the railing up against "reserved lawn", so I had a good view of the stage the whole time. This recording definitely sounds a bit distant. I was hoping it would turn out better, but I'm not going to complain for 7 whole dollars. I think in hindsight I should have moved further back on the lawn so I could pick up the repeaters, although they didn't seem like they were on for FFTG and Staind.  

This was my first time seeing Staind and I was surprised by how many songs I recognized. Definitely some late 90s bangers in there. At one point they made a comment about "Communist California" and I couldn't tell if it was in jest or not. The people around me definitely thought it wasn't in jest, so that made for an awkward situation.

I run a Rage Against the Machine live archive at http://ratm.live.
Please get in touch if you have any recordings of Rage!

