Red Hot Chili Peppers
Mother's Milk Sessions
Ocean Way and\or Image Studios,
Hollywood CA
November 1988-March 1989

Source\Lineage: DAT Clone>AN(1)>AN(2)>Onkyo TA-RW344 w\ azimuth correction>Cooledit Pro 2.0>.wav>flac (level 8)

1) Salute to Kareem
2) Subway to Venus

-x-

OK, so I believe the statute of limitations has expired on this one, so here goes the story.

Many moons ago, I worked fer a small record label run by a former A&R guy responsible fer bringing the RHCP to EMI.  He had broken out the DATS from the entire "Mother's Milk" sessions one night we were all hanging out listening to them and it was pretty neat - I heard a  couple of takes of BTO's "Takin’ Care o' Business", one funk version, one straight forward take, as well as a buncha tracks from the LP before I hadda catch a train home…

I knew I would never be able to get any of the sessions from him, he just wasn't gonna break out his DATS to let me copy them -no way. At the time,  I was kinda bummed, but it was cool to be able to hear some of it at least.

So, anywho,  we would work promotion outta his loft in NYC and always listen to tunes while working - one day, I went over to put something on and noticed a cassette labeled 'SALUTE\SUBWAY' now, I didn't know much, but I immediately equated "Subway" to "Subway to Venus" and  ran the cassette into my pals room and popped it in the deck he was living at the loft at the time, so I was able to get away from the rest of the crew to give a spin the first couple of notes, I knew it was RHCP, so I dubbed the side, and replaced the tape where it was laying around by his stereo…I DID NOT STEAL THE TAPE, YOU'LL NOTICE I AIN'T A THIEVING SCUMBAG!

Now that that's outta the way, the tape only had the two songs on it.  "Salute", which had never been remained unreleased fer years was just my fave tune it killed me, but I only let one friend even know I had this recording the best part is that this one is a completely different take from the re-issue!...no guitar track here either, just Flea and Chad…I prefer it!

"Subway to Venus" is sans horns here. An earlier take in the session, methinks not sure if the horns were dubbed later but still an interesting version.

Now, I was never explicitly told to not trade this, nor was I ever even implicitly told I couldn’t record any stray cassettes laying around, so there is no reason I kept this hidden fer so long. I guess my guilty conscience. But, it’s been a long time now…so I figger I’ll share the joy with you fine folk.

These have not been given out to anyone, besides one pal of mine, and one lucky RHCP devotee who caught me on a good day…Since I KNOW they didn’t let this get out, NO ONE had these prior to now. Hope they are appreciated by the RHCP fans here.  

If ya have any Butthole Surfers material of a similar nature, please get in touch.

Enjoy, but PLEASE!!!:

NEVER EVER SELL THIS!!!!
Please Do Not Disseminate in MP3 Format