The Smashing Pumpkins
1995/02/21 - Double Door; Chicago, IL, US 
 
Source: various: AUD-L/AUD-?/Beyer>CDR  complete show (minus first 2 min.) all from the superior AUD>ANA recording 
(except 1.5 songs and some between song banter, which were taken from Beyer src), generation varies a bit (most likely all 1st/2nd gen)

Dan's dEdit>CDR-0 from Dan>EAC>WAV>FLAC... your copy is a CDR-1

Edited by: Dan Elsen

Set: 

Disc 1: (76:28)
01 Stumbleine 
02 Jupiter's Lament 
03 Towers of Rabble 
04 talking
05 Thirty-three 
06 To Forgive 
07 Lily 
08 Tonight, Tonight 
09 Jellybelly 
10 Speed 
11 Mouths of Babes 
12 Here Is No Why 
13 Cupid de Locke 
14 Beautiful 
15 God 
16 Zero 
17 Porcelina of the Vast Oceans 
18 Fuck You 
19 Love (abandoned)
20 Love 

Disc 2:
01 Set the Ray to Jerry 
02 Muzzle 
03 Bullet with Butterfly Wings 

Encore 1: 
04 Galapogos 
05 Blew Away 
06 Frail and Bedazzled 

Encore 2: 
07 By Starlight 
08 Pissant 
09 Hello Kitty Kat 

From Dan's post on Netphoria 10/11/04 regarding the creation of this version of the show:

The first DD show was one of the first boots I ever obtained, on tape of course, around early '96. I loved the show and looked for ages for a complete copy 
of this great sounding AUD recording, without the fadeouts between each track. 

After a while I kind of gave up and forgot about it. I went on to collect hundreds of more shows, but after getting the horrible sounding complete DAT 
version recently, I started really thinking about the AUD version again. 

I set up a trade with a friend recently for what he had listed as a complete, yet poor quality version, not realizing until after he sent it that it was most 
likely the same Beyer>D7 version that I had just got. Well when I put it in it started as the old, good sounding recording, then switched to the crap source 
after a few songs. The sources switch back and forth throughout the whole recording. Whoever compiled this bootleg obviously wanted the whole show, 
and they wanted it to remain as the Beyer source for as much as possible, but as we all know, some songs on that source are unlistenable.

Well this gave me an idea of trying to compile my own version of this show, focusing on the good quality source. I knew my tape was missing a lot of 
songs, but I remembered that years ago, probably around '98, a trader put a few songs from this show as filler on a disc, and then put even more songs 
as filler on another disc in another trade. I started wondering how much of this show I actually had.

I've been looking on a lot of web pages recently, and is seems that what just about everyone has is a 60 to 70 minute version that starts at Tonight, Tonight 
and ends at Muzzle or Bullet. I went back and checked out my old tape, and it starts halfway through Stumbleine, is missing TT, Jellybelly, Speed, 
half of Mouths of Babes, the beginning of Zero, and ends after Muzzle. The first CD I found had the TT, Jellybelly, Speed, a complete Mouths of Babes and Zero, 
and the 2nd CD had the second half Bullet, plus all the encore songs except By Starlight.

The filler CD's also had some other songs that were on the tape, and because the person had told me they were from a 2nd gen. copy of the tape, I thought they 
would be far superior to my old tape from '96. However, after transferring the tape onto my computer, I discovered that my tape not only sounds better and louder, 
but doesn't have this weird frequency droning in the ********** that appeared on both the filler CD's and the new comp. boot I just got. I'd rank my tape copy as about 
an A- to a B+ and is most likely a first or second gen.

So in compiling this CD, I discovered that I may or may not have a superior sounding version of most of the songs played at this show. I also found out that I do have 
the entire show from the good source (with varying gens from my different copies) with the exception of the beginning of Stumbleine, the beginning of Bullet, all of 
By Starlight, and the crowd cheering between songs during the encore section.

What I'd like to ask is if there is anyone out there who actually has a complete version from the good source? If that version has a known gen? If there's a circulating 
version that doesn't have the fadeouts? And if that person could PLEASE HOOK ME UP!?!?

What I'd like to announce is that I have a new and intersting version available for trade. I compiled everything I had from the superior tape source 
(except Mouths of Babes and Zero which came from the 2nd gen. source), I edited the fade outs to be smoother (in some cases you can even tell there is nothing missing 
between the tracks at all), and edited in the beginning of Bullet, By Starlight, and the crowd noise between encore songs from the Beyer source.

I have all the wav's on my HD still, so if anyone has a version that has By Starlight, or a version with all of Bullet, or anything they may think is better than what I've got, 
I'm down to splice them in as well to make it even better. Of course, what I really want is to find out who the hell taped this show and why it's chopped up in so many 
different forms all over the world.

Thanks for reading....

Dan

Seeded to Zomb 10/18/05 by traveller03

Enjoy!

 
