1996/02/29 - Thai-Japan Bangkok Metropolis Youth Centre; Bangkok, TH
 

Review by An Anonymous Contributor

I thought I'd share my excitement with all of you guys. Bear with me, this is my first time to the show and writing this stuff, too. Though I recorded the show, the quality was not so good and i lost some parts, for which i had no idea of what's going on. I'm doing a quick listening to it as my memory is still fresh. I'm not exposed much of SP, here. So, there are certain songs that i don't know or not aware of. If any of you could help and fill in the missing songs, please do so. Here it goes....

I got the tickets two days before the show. It was an old picture, size of a credit card. All four of them were in a big box, only their heads and necks can be seen. I took place at Thai-Japanese Youth Center Dindeang, on the 29th of February, 1996 at about 8.00 pm Bangkok time. Tickets were 400 Baht, which is equivalent to $16. I was there with my friend. She had to come 'cause she didn't want me to go alone. We were a bit late as i'm not familiar with the place. I hid my recorder down there. They punched the ticket and did the checking. I passed, thanks to Josh for the trick. I went into the restroom to take it out and ran out for their first song. Well, i missed the opening band, which is some Thai band. Most of the audience were foreigners. I was at the far back where plenty of space was left. Billy was in his zero-shirt and silver pants, James in all black, D'arcy with blond hair to the neck, and sorry, i didn't see Jimmy very clearly behind his drum set...probably with quite short hair. (Am i right??) Oh, and another keyboard player.

1. [??]
(singing something like 'get on, get on' repeatedly) I was busy with my tape recorder and lost the first part of the song
2. zero
Then Billy said 'Good evening'
3. fuck you
4. [??]
(It goes like 'give it all back to you') Billy said, 'Hi, good evening. Hello. We're the Smashing Pumpkins. We're happy to be in Thailand for the first time. Thank you for such a warm welcome. Well, hope you have a good time at the concert. And please be nice to each other'.
5. today
Of course, everybody knew and sang along.
6. to forgive
7. bullet with butterfly wings
Then Billy said, 'You're not tired already, are you? Nah..'
8. thru the eyes of ruby
He started throwing a couple of bottles of water to us and said thank you
9. porcelina
10. jellybelly
11. disarm
A lot of clapping.
12. tales of a scorched earth (?)
13. [??]
Some slow instrumental as background. Billy said again, 'Let's all take this moment and ? ? ?'. (sorry, I didnt' quite get what he said) 'And turn to the persons next to you and tell them you love them. Even if you don't know them. Make new friends. Make new enemies. Becomes one (whole world?)'. Then music turned wild.
14. cherub rock
Everybody sang along. They went backstage. People started clapping and cheering for them to come out. After about 10 minutes, James was the first to come out then the other followed. Billy tapped at D'arcy's mike and said 'Thank you'. D'arcy started talking, too. She did the Thai traditional greeting called 'wai', and said 'Sawasdee ka', which means 'hello', and 'Korb-kun ka', which means 'thank you' several times. Then continued with ' We are the carbon monoxide kids... seem to be the ? kids, and you are, too'. Then Billy asked someone to turn on the light, '..er..Can we have the light for a second? Light!'. When the light was on, he introduce some guitarist. (I'm not sure it's Jimmy or not, did he play guitar?)

1st encore
1. 1979
played along with that guest. (If it's really Jimmy playing guitar, then someone else must have played the drum) And, that's where my recorder went off. I can't believe i'm forgetting it. They played about 3-4 more songs, went inside, and back for the second encore for 3-4 songs. Billy occasionally threw bottles of water to us, and Jimmy started throwing his stuff, too.

2nd encore
1. [??]
(my tape still doesn't recover)
2. [??]
some fast song, which i can't catch anything.
3. [??]
I goes like 'It doesn't matter where you are' and kept repeated. It started slow then got faster...probably instumental. Billy did some kind of scratching noise to his guitar and pointing the guitar to us.
4. farewell and goodnight
James came out with his acoustic guitar. Billy grapped his mike, started singing. James followed. People were cheering when Jimmy also grapped one of the mike and sang. Cheered again for D'arcy singing. Billy was having a good time 'cause he started laughing, and said 'May God bless you'. The sound of piano's still went on. D'arcy picked up something and said, 'Somebody lost their glasses. Don't look for them in the Lost & Found, cuz they're gone forever', and she took it. They all said 'Thank you, and good night'. As the keyboard player was still playing his tune, Billy (standing beside him) took out some picture and placed it at his forehead, dancing (seem to be) or maybe teasing someone. Everyone clapped hands till the music died down.

It was the best concert i've ever went to. People are nice, SP are the best. I've tried my best to write this review while i'm having an exam. Anybody know the missing songs, please let me know. And thank you for those people who have the patience to read up till here. :P

This review originally appeared on Josh Sherman's Tour page. While the reviews were archived, no author information was included. If you recognize this as yours, please drop a line to SPFC and take credit for it. 