
Smashing Pumpkins
Port MElbourne Industrial Centre for The Arts, Melbourne Australia
Sat 27nd April 2023

taper: Blackout
IEM STEREO
Location: Outside Venue

Lineage: Senn 300- Rode AI-Micro> Samsung Android (44.1k 24bit Stereo WAV)> Sound Forge > Some Light Waves L2 Limiting> FLAC

01-Intro
02-Empires
03-Bullet with Butterfly Wings
04-Today
05-We Only Come Out at Night
06-Once in A Lifetime
07- Solara
08-Eye
09-Ava Adore
10-Spellbinding
11-Under The Milky Way
12-The Joker [& various other covers]
13-Tonight, Tonight
14-Cherub Rock
15-Zero
16-1979
17-Beguiled
18-Silverfuck



Notes:

This turned out special. A big gift to Smashing Pumpkins fans for sure. Youre welcome :)

Billy sounds better than the first Melb night (22nd)... So does this recording! I was determined not to have a repeat performance of the poor lifeless sound that came thru the PA from the first nite due to the crappy tin-shed venue. So i pulled out all the guns and went for IEM this time. It has all the clarity, punch and vocals you could want as the venue sound has been taken out of the equation! Guitars are WIDE...unusual for an IEM. Not compressed to hell either like is the case for most band members, im guessing the crew got a nicer overall mixed feed than Billy or James' specific one.  Needless to say...this is one Amazingly well balanced mix. 

Caveat: It has a small defect in the first song Empires where i switched freqs to jump up another feed that had Billys vox. (There was no soundcheck). It seems i landed on the Crew feed...i just went with that and thanked my lucky stars i found anything.
Theres also a burst at the end of Under the Milky Way where a damn concrete truck rolled right in the way between me and the venue...guaranteed death for any signal. I was having kittens. Occasionally a giant bus that had finished delivering fans would roll past too which kinda added to some fun static creeping into the mix, causing my blood pressure to rise also. Only really happened a few times early on.

Does it have some occasional static that creeps in? Yep. Does it have the crew talking? yep...but minimal and only in-between the occiasional song. Is there some pumping of the sound of the crowd? Evidently...my guess is that after the disasterous reverby sound of the first nite, our friend the engineer took my dressing down to heart and clamped down mics with noise gates in-between tracks to try and control the reflections. Does it ROCK? HELL YEAH.

Sample mp3 recordings supplied.

Shout out and respect to Leif for your help and motivation to haul my ass out to this gig and try again, da man BOYACROBAT, orson69 and the rest of the Melb crew.
Share freely – Do Not Remaster. Do not convert to mp3! Casino Records...If you decide to press this special recording to vinyl, please press it loud and send me a copy its only fair!

(Please help seeding this as internet is limited)

Blackout

