
Smashing Pumpkins
Port MElbourne Industrial Centre for The Arts, Melbourne Australia
Sat 22nd April 2023

taper: Blackout
EX+ Aud
Location:20m away from stage smack center in front satellite stack ..GA (no seating venue).

Lineage: Shure WL-184-X Super Cardioid Mics>Rode AI-Micro> Samsung Android (44.1k 24bit Stereo WAV)> Sound Forge > Some Light Waves L2 Limiting> FLAC

1-Empires
2-Bullet with Butterfly Wings
3-Today
4-We Only Come Out at Night
5-Once in A Lifetime
6- Solara
7-Eye
8-Ava Adore
9-Spellbinding
10-Under The Milky Way
11-Chicken Salt Rap
12-Tonight, Tonight
13-Youre The Voice
14-Cherub Rock
15-Zero
16-1979
17-Beguiled
18-Silverfuck



Notes:
A good recording of a TERRIBLY ENGINEERED show. 
I turned up during the support (Janes Addiction) and whilst the venue was essentially a giant tin hangar, there were decent speaker arrays either side of the stage hanging and the sound of JA was clean, punchy and tight. I was excited. That was until Smashing Pumpkins hit the stage afterwards at 8.30pm. Im a massive SP fan and know their live sound well. But here the sound engineer (lets call him "The Butcher") proceeded to completely DESTROY the band and ruin the gig completely. Honestly he should have been dragged off the desk by one of his ears. The minute SP started the sound suddenly went boomy, mushy, and full of reverb. I was shocked. When the band would start a song he would turn up this crappy hall reverb (especially on Billys voice and drums) and then back it off in between songs, something a rectangular hangar made of metal sheeting full of reflections already didnt need. The mixing was so atrocious, where vocals were sucked away over guitars and the drums simply crawled up their ass and were pushed so far away the kit they ended up across the road behind the venue. Clearly he had a hack limiter over the whole mix that removed and sucked out any semblance of drums. Some of the *less loud* songs such as 1979 came through okay as they did not push his agro limiter too hard, but overall there was a wall of guitar sound as priority over everything else. It is a bit of overkill for SP to have three guitars on stage all pumping out noise at once, i dont know why they feel they need the 3rd ring-in to stand there and double up on everything guitar but hey. The recording well demonstrates the result of Mr Butchers failings. The worst is probably Cherub Rock where our talented friend is riding guitars all over the place up and down, his changes are not subtle and drums are reduced to a bit of hi hat desparately sneaking through here and there over the choking sound.

The show was cool tho...Billy was in an uncharacteristic if thats possible, and he even comments that hes feeling "positive, which is something new" (start of Chicken Salt chat) . We get the "Chicken Salt Rap" forced onto James to perform and a cover of The Church - Under the Milky Way as rare song appearances. Lots of banter with the audience and thanks to the audience. And one of the loudest sing-alongs from the loaded drunk crowd i have ever heard for Today and Bullet, until the more epic meandering instrumental free-form of Solara took the wind away from sails and with it a degree of enthusiasm. But overall a good amount of peppered classics.


I could not help myself, afterwards i mosied over to the sound box and let The Butcher know what a pathetic effort that was. He did say in his american accent "point taken" and started with excuses (venue a "tin can", Billy being aparently "feeling sick and wanted me to cover him" (im assuming this meant cover him in reverb mush to wash him out and mix him quiet so he cant be heard??). Meh. Janes Addiction just beforehand that sounded amazing must have been playing through a different PA? Nice try..Whatever.


Sample mp3 recordings supplied.

Shout out and respect to Leif for your help, da man BOYACROBAT, orson69 and the rest of the Melb crew.

Share freely – Do Not Sell. Do Not Remaster. Do not convert to mp3! 

(Please help seeding this as internet is limited)

Blackout

