**Remastered** by thir13en

My FAQ:  


MCIS Demos II


Cassette sourced, and that fact is obvious right from the uneven stereo level drop and the right channel having no high-end at all. Then there'e the constant warble and flutter (and what a great Vaudville act they were). And to top it all off, our good old friend analog tape hiss. Aside from those unfortunate nuances, this is some grade-A stuff.

While I've always admired Flood's production, I've found that there was always a cleanliness to it, through fuzz and dirt it's still very tidy. Go back and check his stuff, it's there. MCIS inherited all that as well, and listening to these demos gives you an idea of what it may have sounded like with another producer, say someone they had already worked with before, or just someone other than Flood. Not that MCIS is bad, it's awesome, and has a seriously fuzzy edge, but it also has the aforementioned pristine quality to it as well.

Here, there's dirt and grit and fuzz galore. There's some melodically wonderful harmonic distortion and "singyness" to the guitars that was stripped out on the official release. There's some spirited guitar play, and an interesting look at "For Martha" with Jimmy's laid back drumming. "So Very Sad..." has a ramble-jam attack and wah-effected solo's, and the instrumental versions of "...Jerry" and "Cherry" are quaint interludes.


>>This got a lot of treatment. I reduced a decent amount of hiss, fixed the right channel deficiencies as best as I could, spread it a bit, enhanced it a lot with the BBE, and then maximized. It's a world of difference to the original. It also exposed all the sources' weaknesses and shortcomings. But I'll listen to this over the original any day. Like today.

Enjoy!

 

Bullet with Butterfly Wings 
Set the Ray to Jerry 
So Very Sad About Us 
Jellybelly 
Mouths of Babes 
Here Is No Why 
God 
Love 
For Martha 
Tonight, Tonight 
Methusela 
Depresso 
Zero 
Zero 
Here Is No Why 
Cherry 
Beautiful 
unknown instrumental




ORIGINAL SOURCE NOTES
------------------------

Label:   (none) 
ID: - 
Track info: Tracks 1-18:   Mar - Aug 1995 - Chicago Recording Company
All tracks instrumental, except tracks 11, 15 and 17.  

Notes
2nd set of MCIS-era demos to circulate, first appearing on ebay in March 2000. 

When presented with a copy, Billy said that he'd lost his, and that, judging by the tracklist, it was something that he put together for the band to practice to, or for Flood to listen to.