04/20/00
Conseco Fieldhouse
Indianapolis, IN
Spring 2000, Fragility 
Supporting Nine Inch Nails  
  
 
01. Renholdër / The Hollow
02. Magdalena
03. Orestes
04. 3 Libras
05. Thinking Of You
06. Breña
07. Thomas
08. Diary Of A Lovesong
09. Rose
10. Judith
 

Review by Ruiner
I really don't know where to begin in my review of A Perfect Circle for the Indianapolis, Conseco Fieldhouse show, but I'll start out from the beginning and give as many details as possible. 
I first got there at 7:10, 50 minutes before the start of the show, I luckily had floor tickets, and to my surprise, that long before the show, half the floor was already filled with people sitting down. They forced us to sit down and move as far up as possible, like we were cattle almost. I felt pretty low myself. 
The stage was set up with about 8 black boxes which appeared to be speakers, or monitors perhaps. They were not speakers at all though, later I would discover these were moving, portable stage lights, very cool. 
The flower of life (the APC logo), was only an outline, and was in orange, on a huge black square tapestry, hanging from the top of the stage, and was about 15x15 feet. The center of the flower (which appeared to be black) would later reveal that it was actually silver, under black lighting. 
The set list was normal from the other reviews I have seen, and before the band took stage, Renhold‘r was playing and created a nice eerie ambience. Many people were asking questions as to who A Perfect Circle was, before they took the stage, but it seemed most people knew who they were, and responded to those who didn't. 
The thing that probably made me the most upset, was a comment I heard while sitting down waiting for APC to take the stage. A guy behind me said to his friend, "Yeah they have this one song on the radio, but it sounds just like another Tool song". I really wanted to turn around and ask him how he could be so blind to music. 
Tool and APC are very very different, but both are very strong talented groups. Obviously Tool is the stronger group, having 5 major tours, with plenty more minor ones, international and here in North America, as well as 3 major release albums. I still however, cannot understand why people are so clueless as to music. 
I was very disappointed that Paz did not play violin, or have a full orchestra bass anywhere to be seen tonight, however, she was extremely animated tonight, and the whole group seemed very into the music, with the exception of Troy. Troy pretty much just stood there and played, and didn't seem too excited to be there tonight. 
Maynard was very animated, as per usual. He was making snake like thrusting motions to the music, in time with the heavy beats... 
Renhold‘r started off as stated above, before the group members took the stage, and Maynard was apparently backstage singing the moans of the song beautifully, not missing a single note, and sounding eerily haunting. 
The Hollow followed immediately after, with no break or pause, and was played very well. Maynard's microphone was very loud and rightly so, his voice was amazing tonight. The other mics for Paz, Billy, and Troy were much subdued, but their singing was evident, and matched up perfectly on the "feed me here, fill me up again" choruses. This song got the crowd eagerly involved, and kept it that way the rest of the set. 
Orestes, my favorite song, was incredible. It nearly brought me to tears, and many people fell silent and motionless during this song, it was truly amazing to see people appreciating the music for its beauty, and not how hard it can rock. Only twice during the whole set did I hear comment about wanting to hear something that rocked, from people who obviously didn't know any better. I sang during the whole set, I was singing with Maynard the entire time. 
Most of the time Maynard stares blankly into the audience, but I did get him to notice me singing a few times. Billy, who seemed very intense tonight on the guitar, was watching me nearly the whole time, and I think he was very happy that someone already knew their music so well. Paz was also staring straight at me much of the time, but not nearly as much as Billy. 
Magdalena was possibly the most intense song of the night, and probably one of the best performed live this evening. Maynard was just starting to get animated during this song, thrusting himself in violent movements and paying even more attention to my singing along with him, and truly enjoying the music 100%. This was definitely a song that got me in motion, and again, was one of the best of the night. 
Thinking Of You is definitely the most different from the album version we've all heard. The song on the album, is extremely funky, almost reminiscent of a fast jazz vibe. The song's guitar is much more audible when played live, and gives it a new sound. Frankly I like the sound a lot better when played live, and again, this song got more of the band animated. Paz really came alive and was playing her bass guitar while leaning way back and letting her hair dangle back behind her. 
3 Libras was very beautiful. One of the portable lights came down focusing horizontally in a purple light, and the pattern was an intermittent one, shining brightly behind Paz's head, the remainder of the light escaping from outside her body, it looked incredible, while it appeared to almost spin around her. The band and audience both mellowed out during this song, allowing Maynard's soothing vocals to ease all the pain out of the audience during this song. Maynard beautifully hit every note in this song, including all the higher notes which are very difficult to hit, even with a professionally trained voice, this impressed me the most. 
Thomas was a nice fast groove once the eeriness of Maynard's vocals in the beginning segued into the main chorus of the song. Maynard seemed extremely into this song, and sang with much fervor and took off his jacket and shirt during this song, if I remember correctly. There sounds like there's a lot of voice editing in this song to make Maynard sound more eerie and whatnot, but in fact it's all him. He does all that with his own voice, and there are no voice processors. This was a big shock to me, quite impressive to see. 
Bre–a was definitely when Maynard's voice hit a high point. This song was definitely his finest piece of the night, and his voice truly came alive with a softness I've never heard from him before. The audience responded nicely, acted extremely calm during the whole song, and they seemed to love every minute of it. Maynard, after this song, went back and spoke to Paz briefly, then he pointed right at me, after noticing I had sung every song so far with him, and when I lifted my hands to him, him and Paz both smiled at me and pointed back. This was probably the highlight of my evening and made me feel great. 
Diary Of A Lovesong followed. A Perfect Circle has done a really amazing job of combining an Ozzy song and a Cure song, and making it sound like it's one. Maynard stressed before, that the song was dedicated to "Emilio Rodriguez" and that "This song will not be on our album, because it is not ours." During the song, Maynard turned to Josh and sang "diarrhea of a lovesong" and I laughed, but I don't think anyone else in the audience noticed. Maynard saw me and almost laughed while singing. The lights were purple and teal during this song swirling around a lot, it was an awesome visual effect. 
After Diary was over, Maynard mentioned the release of the album May 23, and asked everyone to support them and buy the album, the crowd responded to this, and seemed to want the music. He said "These are our last 2 songs, thank you for coming" 
Rose was probably the second best song of the night, Maynard was definitely the most animated during this song, and this sparked Billy and Paz to get equally involved. Paz again doing what almost appeared to be a limbo, was playing her heart out, and Billy's guitar solo was the best I have heard yet out of him. Almost reminiscent of the eeriness of Adam Jones' guitar, but in a different, faster way. The guitar playing was second to almost none, I must say I was blown away. This also seemed to be Maynard's favorite to sing of the evening. 
Lastly, Judith received the most crowd response as many had heard it on the radio. The lights started swirling violently on the stage, and many different colors were abound. The crowd sang various parts of this song, much to my surprise, and "fuck your God" was not the only lyric people responded to. I was also surprised by that. Judith received the most "moshing" out of the crowd, and got everyone moving. After the song ended, everyone wanted to hear more, sadly this got the crowd more interested that possibly any other song. Also during the song I learned that "choke on a lie" is definitely what he says in the second verse, as I saw him as he sang it. 
Other comments received from Maynard were, after only playing the first 3 songs, right after Orestes he said "This will be our last song" and I was so horrified that it might be, but then I remembered Maynard's sarcastic wit. 
Mostly Maynard didn't say much during the night, but did encourage everyone to hold up their lighters at one point, by flicking his finger like he was lighting it. He came dressed in his wig, a jacket and undershirt, dress slacks and matching shoes. Billy looked at me quite a bit during the show, but when I returned his stare, he always looked down at his guitar. Everyone in the band noticed me singing all the lyrics, and paid particular attention to me, it was awesome to know they liked having me there to listen to them play. 
Any other questions can be directed to me at thirdeye11@netscape.net. 
One more thing, do not miss this show, you will absolutely love it. 
-Ruiner 