03/18/01
Hara Arena
Dayton, OH
2001, North America 
Supported by Snake River Conspiracy  


Renholdër 
Thinking Of You 
Magdalena 
3 Libras Remix 
3 Libras  
Brena  
Orestes  
Vacant (Tapeworm) 
Rose 
Sleeping Beauty  
Over  
Thomas 
Judith  
Ashes To Ashes (David Bowie)  
The Hollow  
 

Review by ML
I don't quite remember the setlist, forgive, I was too caught up in the moment. The first song was Renhold‘r, though. and then Thinking Of You, or Magdalena. The last 3 songs were Judith, a David Bowie cover song(!) and The Hollow. 
We got there a little late and I was kinda disappointed 'cause I wanted to see Snake River Conspiracy, but they were good for the 3 songs I heard. Then we decided we wanted to go down onto the floor, but unfortunately, we only had seat tickets. So we negotiated with a guard and, ahhh!!! She let us down. I was so happy I gave her a hug. While we were waiting we talked to a couple of people, I don't remember their names, but one had a t-shirt that said "and one time at band camp..." and the other had a Wonka t-shirt, so if you guys are reading this... then it got dark and the band came out one at a time, Maynard last. he was wearing tight black pants with a rainbow shimmer, no shirt. Billy had on all black but I think he changed shirts at some point. Paz had a long red? dress. I just have to say that her violin solo at the beginning of the show was incredible. Troy I couldn't see very well but had a grey jacket and Josh I couldn't see at all. 
I can't even begin to describe how fun it was. And I kept moving forward, closer and closer. At one point maynard took his pants off, and had on those great underwear with the Perfect Circle logo. The sound thing on was attached to the back of his underwear and he was jumping, so I got a nice good view of his ass crack. Hee hee. 
Orestes was great and very personal sounding, I loved the Tapeworm song, too. I was waiting for The Hollow, and I figured they'd play Judith last but they didn't. Maynard kept telling us to go home and nobody left so he was like all right we'll play another song. Yay. 
He talked to us some, saying that we were smarter than Kentucky, at least. Then we had to say "smoke a turd in hell." One time he said something in another language and translated it for us: "If you're going to fuck a goat, wear a condom." Quite funny. 
Well, by Judith, I was almost up against the stage, and everyone was pushing and I pushed back. "Fuck your god" got a nice good cheer. Ahh, there was this couple making out next to me. I got kicked in the neck so many times and once a guy crowd surfing fell on my head and rolled off my back. But everyone was so nice, they all patted me on the back and asked, "are you all right, little girl?" It was all worth it though. 
This guy was doing a pelvic dance behind me it was... interesting. At one point I put my chin on some guys shoulder and I was so close to Billy, I think he may have looked at me. (Thanx for that, Billy.) He is so cool, I was only a couple of yards away, I could see the lines on their faces. 
After the show they tossed water bottles, (it was mostly Billy) out and I almost got one, but the bastard of a security guard threw it out into the crowd instead of handing it to me. A guy near me got Josh's drumsticks and let me touch 'em. Oohhhh. Then I got a shirt and I was disappointed it was over after all that waiting. I want to go back!!! Personally I felt it was a great concert. Hara Arena doesn't have the best acoustics but it was amazing all the same and maynard's voice was incredible. 
Audio note: end of Over, beginning of Thomas cut out of recording
 
 
