The Mars Volta and A Perfect Circle - 21.03.04
Albuquerque Convention Center - Albuquerque, NM

taper:
Karl Frinkle (specialK)
kfrinkle@math.unm.edu
www.math.unm.edu/~kfrinkle

source: Core Sound Binaurals > SPSB-3@195Hz Battery Box > Nomad Jukebox 3 (Mic-In)
location: Directly in front of soundboard, 50 feet from stage

transfer: Nomad Jukebox 3 > Firewire > WAV > Wavelab
modifications: Too many to list. SF6, MAGIC, CDWave, Wavelab, CEP were all used...

disc 1 - 49:30 - The Mars Volta
Ennio Morricone - A Fistful of Dollars
Roulette Dares (The Haunt of)
Eunuch Provocateur
Take The Veil Cerpin Taxt
Drunkship of Lanterns

disc 2 - 50:10 - A Perfect Circle
Vanishing
Pet
The Hollow
Magdalena
Blue
Thinking of You
Brena
The Package
3 Libras

disc 3 - 33:14 - A Perfect Circle
Fred's Got Slacks
The Nurse Who Loved Me
Thomas
The Outsider
James Iha solo
The Noose
Judith

The Recording Review:
Well, the recording was pretty nasty to start with. You are basically recording in
a huge open space surrounded by thin metal or cement. By the time the sound got
to me, it was pretty awful. I got some serious help from two people in particular
and I wish to extend my gratitude to them.  They are 
1) Martin - http://db.etree.org/maynardo
2) Mikey - http://mikey.netdojo.com
They helped make this recording better than I could have ever made it.  If you like
this recording, send them a thank-you email, they made it what it is now. Finally, I 
would like to thank my girlfriend Bobbi for helping me sneak my gear into the show.  
Security was tight and I needed all the help I could get! 

The Show Review:
The Mars Volta opened promptly at 7:30. Right on schedule is not the norm here in 
Albuquerque. They played their mega-long songs and at one point, one of the 
guitarists seemed to get really pissed off, or too full of energy, and threw a guitar 
and mic stand towards the side of the stage near one of the techs. Definitely a lot of 
energy though. They played about a 45 minute set, and the crowd seemed to enjoy it. A 
Perfect Circle came on stage at 9:00. Maynard hid behind his little box for the first song, 
and never got rid of his wig the whole night. The band seemed to be in quiet a playful
mood this night, even though Josh, the drummer, broke his leg earlier that day. The 
setlist is pretty standard with the noted exemption of 'Weak and Powerless', which is
fine with me, as I think that is the worst of all the songs that they have released to
date. 