A Perfect Circle
Time Warner Cable Uptown Amphitheatre 
Charlotte, NC
2011- July 19

Recorder/Uploader: Univonc



Lineage:
 
Core Sound Dual DPA 4061 merged into 3 pin XLR into 
Mic2496 V2 Portable Mic Pre-amp/A-to-D Converter (coax out) 
M-Audio's MicroTrack II Professional 2-Channel Mobile Digital Recorder 
Core Sound High End Coaxial Cable (1') 
(into SPDIF) 
ScanDisk Extreme III 32 GB compact Flashcard 

Recorded in 96khz/24 bit 2 channel stereo 
All editing done with Adobe Audition 3.0.1 (patch for Vista) 
WAV files converted to FLAC 6 via Traders Little Helper 
Files torrented will be done thru traders little helper onto uTorrent. 
Two torrents will be provided as a 96k/24 and the 44.1k/16



Editor's Notes:

Great night to get three captures.
Sincere thanks to rjrumfh and twmtpj for the additional captures.
Thanks to Ottomustaine for coming along and joining us.

As any Tool fan can tell you about the lead singer, Maynard, has a "thing" against recording of the live shows.
Thus he really makes security really tight for anyone wanting to capture audio or video.

The day of the show there were flyers posted all over stating that you will be ejected from the show if caught capturing recordings (even from cell phones).
Taking that challenge I brought a camcorder, with my other rig.

Security was pretty tight and pat downs occurred.
Luckily all the Dime recorders in presence, passed through "barely".
Our seats were directly NEXT to the soundboard.
Many people in that area, so to get a video capture was essentially a fools errand.

As luck would have it, if anyone follows my recordings, someone will ALWAYS come and hang where we sit.
Security came and escorted them away, but always has to ask us something.
That is when, the battery slipped from my preamp and caused "the Noose" to lose about 2 minutes of recording.
When problem found and corrected, it created an additional 20 seconds of clicks.
I was able to patch those songs with the captures of rjrumfh and twmtpj.
Slight skip with "People are People" and easily patched. (not even noticable unless you are listening very very closely).
Sincere  thanks to both for allowing me to fix the gaps left by bad luck.

Say what you want about the setlist and Maynard.
The show was spectacular and the music mix pristine.
I am pleased with the capture.
Posting for all to enjoy.......

Please support the band with purchasing of their music and merchandise.
Please do not use this recording to sale or personal financial gain.
Freely share and you may convert to other format for personal usage.
(Personally, I converted to M4a so I can listen to it on a SDHD card in my car)

Keep sharing and allowing other to experience these great bands and shows.
Continue to support great sites as DIME.

Bill



SETLIST (01:31:16)

01 - Annihilation [Crucifix cover] 
02 - Imagine [John Lennon cover] 
03 - Weak And Powerless 
04 - The Hollow 
05 - What's Going On [Marvin Gaye cover] 
06 - People Are People [Depeche Mode cover] PATCHED
07 - The Outsider 
08 - Rose 
09 - (What's So Funny 'Bout) Peace, Love, And Understanding [Brinsley Schwarz cover] 
10 - When The Levee Breaks [Led Zeppelin cover] 
11 - The Noose (PATCHED)
12 - 3 Libras (aMotive All Main Courses Remix) 
13 - Gravity 
14 - Gimmie Gimmie Gimmie [Black Flag cover] 
15 - Magdalena 
16 - Passive 
17 - Counting Bodies Like Sheep To The Rhythm Of The War Drums 
18 - Fiddle And The Drum [Joni Mitchell cover] 
19 - By And Down 
