A PERFECT CIRCLE
Live at Open Air Theatre, San Diego State University
San Diego, CA.
July 26th, 2011

(Source 2) Recorded by: Scrit

Lineage: Sony Hi-MD MZ-RH1 >Sony 1GB Hi-MD > Sony ECM-719 Stereo Mic > .aiff > Toast 11 Titanium > CDR > Music Sourcerer> Bootleg Matrix
http://bootlegmatrix.netgoo.org/

I recorded a spectacular Soundgarden show 4 nights earlier, but tonight's A Perfect Circle experience was met with greater challenges. While the gate security procedure was surprisingly easy, that was the only instance of facility. The place was PACKED with SDSU college students, just jammed to the gunnels. Most of them were hammered or well on their way. The amphitheatre's concrete seats were uncomfortable to a profound degree, if you had to piss you could scratch that as the Porta-Potty lines were ridiculous, and the four-person summit going on right behind my wife and I would end up talking and laughing through the whole fucking show. And finally, the mix was off; the drum sound was too overpowering. The circumstances of this night left me feeling I'd secure a mediocre recording and no better. Bummed me out some, because my November 2010 capture of this band was strong and seemed to be a pretty popular download.
However, when all was said done I got through listening and transferring the show, it turned out much much better than I feared it was going to. It is a really good capture. Applause does peak the levels, the crowd overpowers occasionally, the quieter songs and sections are where this is most evident, but all things considered I stand by this one and recommend the listen. The instruments are pretty well-balanced as are the vocals. Enjoy! 

Annihilation
Imagine
Weak and Powerless
The Hollow
What's Going On
People Are People
The Outsider
Rose
Peace, Love and Understanding (What's So Funny 'Bout?)
When The Levee Breaks

The Noose
3 Libras (All Main Courses Version)
The Package
Gimmie Gimmie Gimmie
Magdalena
Passive
Counting Bodies Like Sheep To The Rhythm of The War Drums
Fiddle and The Drum
By and Down