Oasis
First Avenue; Minneapolis 24th March 1995

Sound Quality : DAT MASTER

Length : 62.20 

01. Rock 'N' Roll Star
02. Columbia
03. Fade Away
04. Digsy's Dinner
05. Shakermaker
06. Live Forever
07. Up In The Sky
08. Slide Away
09. To Be Free
10. Cigarettes & Alcohol
11. Married With Children
12. Supersonic
13. I Am The Walrus

OASIS --FIRST AVENUE 1995 DAT MASTER (1CD) plus Bonus CDR "THE ACADEMY 1995 DAT MASTER" 
* Numbered Stickered Edition Only First Avenue, Min neapolis, MN, USA 24th March 1995 
TRULY PERFECT SOUND 

One of the times in my career where the number of items tends to be limited is the first American tour of the year. 
The schedule was held with a two-week off in between, but there were few items other than the Vancouver radio broadcast in the early stages, and there were barely some B-class audiences released in the rear tie. 
It was only n reality, there are many very good audience recordings, and the epoch-making release to show a good example is the masterpiece "DALLAS 1995" that captured the February gig with the best sound quality audience recording. 
DAT MASTER ". This was an early part of the tour, and it was a gig that was held almost two weeks after that classic Vancouver. 
It was a great audience to feel the appearance of the Gallagher brothers, who were even challenging towards the American (and even southern) audience, which was not transmitted from the radio sound source. 
With that release, the period of February 1995, which was a blank area for items, was filled, but this time it is March. 
Speaking of this month, veteran enthusiasts such as "LIVE FOREVER" and "BRITISH LADS IN BOSTON" have just created a rear tie title that seems to be the height of nostalgia, and the sound quality is B-class audience recording. 
Naturally, those items are difficult to obtain now. Besides, it is not a title that has the quality that you can look for with a bloody eye. 
Rather, with the passage of time, the best audience similar to "DALLAS 1995 DAT MASTER" has been on the market, and they have the quality that can be heard with the present ears. 
Such a typical sound source is a gig held on March 24th in Minneapolis on First Avenue. 
Speaking of the same venue, it is a famous live house closely related to Prince, but Oasis also performed in 1995. 
It's worth noting just because it's a gig at such a venerable venue, but the quality of the audience recording that captures that pattern is outstanding. 
"DALLAS The power of the on-sound image that is comparable to "1995-" is wonderful. Above all, the proximity of Liam's vocals is exquisite, and it is a level that is almost incomparable with the rear tie items mentioned above. 
We guarantee that the quality is safe for beginners as well as enthusiasts.

https://jp.mercari.com/item/m62813831169

Enjoy,

Johnky