Oasis
Deep Ellum Live; Dallas 11th February 1995

Sound Quality : Chris Milazzo - DAT MASTER

Length : 76.00

01. Rock 'N' Roll Star
02. Columbia
03. Fade Away
04. Digsy's Dinner
05. Shakermaker
06. Live Forever
07. Headshrinker
08. Up In The Sky
09. Bring It On Down
10. Slide Away
11. It's Good To Be Free
12. Cigarettes & Alcohol
13. Married With Children
14. Supersonic
15. I Am The Walrus

https://www.navyblue-sound.jp/product/3966

Oasis 1995 The first live performance of the US tour falls into the "early end" of their career. The first American tour that took place in the fall of the previous year was baptized in the country, and the tour was forcibly terminated due to Noel's disappearance, as clearly depicted in the movie "SUPER SONIC". Therefore, when I visited again in early 1995, I had to keep up with the previous year's drop. Speaking of the sound source at this time, the radio broadcast in Vancouver at the end of January, which captured the pattern of the beginning of the American tour, continues to reign as a super popular existence, but its existence is too big and other performances are quite sounded. It will not be. Even during the real-time activity period of Oasis, the audience recordings were only released in detail, and the sound quality was not so great. Even after the dissolution of Oasis, it was completely overlooked, and for better or worse, it seems that all the enthusiasts have only heard of Vancouver. The Dallas performance on February 11th, which will be released this time, is not only a new sound source release after a long time since the first American tour in 1995, but above all, the sound quality is outstandingly good. The sound pressure is so close to the sound image that it is just like a "sound board", and if it was released in 1995, it would have been completely mistaken for a sound board. The popularity of the oasis in the United States at that time was still unpopular, and it was said that the stage that went on an expedition to the southern part of the United States like Dallas was left with such superb sound quality.

The greatness of this Dallas performance is not limited to sound quality. The point that the performance is very intense is also a big attraction. After all, I ended the last time in America with incomplete combustion and never reached Dallas. Even so, once he was baptized in the United States, it is clearly recorded that the oasis is challenging the stage in a very challenging manner to the audience. In the home country of England, the release of "Whatever" at the end of the previous year seems to have reached the next level of popularity, but in the United States it still does not sound and does not fly. That's why the Gallagher brothers are so excited that they are challenging, and they are full of momentum like "I'm going to captivate America this time." On the contrary, in "Bring It On Down" and "Married With Children", the audience distracted me and skipped the song. In the first place, Liam's voice is very youthful, and at this point you can see that the singing voice was in the previous year's mode. This is already the extreme of aggressiveness. It is the rare number "Headshrinker" at this time that Liam's tension reaches its peak. It's new to me that he sang for a long time at the live broadcast on the Thames the other day, but Liam here has a full-blown engine and an interesting voice. What's more, it's thrilling to hear him yelling "punk rock song!" In the intro. The enthusiasm on the Thames was great, but the uncontrollable shout of the young Liam is still the strongest. And you can also re-recognize that the original drummer Tony McCarroll is playing the song to its fullest.

On the other hand, his older brother Noel also has a feeling of revenge based on the previous year's case, and he is as excited as Liam. Since it is a stage in the southern part of the United States, it seems that they are distracted by the presence of cowboys at the venue. Moreover, broadcast prohibited terms (this is the same for Liam) are repeated. At the end of the story, before I started playing "Up In The Sky", I showed a blur of "The next song is ... Home On Range", and the tension was high and there was plenty of room. Even in the United States in 1995, dignity comes out at once after the release of "MORNING GLORY", so Dallas who captured the atmosphere of this tour only, which was carried out while inheriting the atmosphere of the previous year, listened to sound sources other than Vancouver. It is a shocking new sound source that can be enjoyed widely from beginners to enthusiasts who wanted to see it. Above all, it is also wonderful that Liam's singing voice, which is in excellent condition, is captured in a very on-balanced manner. "It's Good To Be Free" is also a repertoire unique to this period, and at the same time, Liam's voice is coming out here as well, and it's goosebumps. What a good sound source like this has ever slept. With the best sound quality, the rare period before entering the "MORNING GLORY" period!