Oasis live in Milan Forum 30/05/2000

Oasis was:
Liam Gallagher, Gem Archer, Andy Bell, Matt Deighton, Alan White.

Info from Official Oasis web site:
"Oasis returned to the stage last night at the Filaforum in Milan, Italy for their first gig since Noels decision to quit overseas touring with the band.
LIAM GALLAGHER dedicated a song to his estranged brother in a touching tribute at last night's Noel-less gig. It was a weird one - the Beatles without Macca, the Stones without Keef, the Nolans without Colleen.
Liam made no secret of his brother's no-show. As he stepped on stage at Milan's FILA Forum, he told 10,000 screaming Italians: "Hello, no one's dead yet - be cool, let's have it."And when the crowd chanted: "Liam, Liam", he said: "Oasis are a band - we're not one person. If you're going to say anything, say Oasis. Be patient with us - we know how to slip up. You're going to have to help us with this."
Guitarist Gem Archer took Noel's spot and relished the opportunity to out-shine his boss with outrageous guitar solos on Supersonic and the opener, Go Let It Out - with Liam applauding his efforts throughout. Let's just hope Noel doesn't get hold of the tape. Significantly, the band decided to play Noel's brotherly anthem Acquiesce and told the audience: "This one's for Our Kid." Noel's backing vocals were strangely absent and his brother held a microphone provocatively towards the crowd and urged them to sing his parts.
As he introduced new song Gas Panic, Liam told the crowd: "This one's called Don't Look Back in Anger - only joking!" - a reference to his brother's Number One vocal performance. Stand-in guitarist Matt Deighton did an admirable job and, to be fair, most Italians didn't even notice Noel wasn't there.
But it didn't quite feel like the old days - Gem almost looked like he was being unfaithful to Noel. A rousing gig, but come back Noel, it's not quite the same without you.
Here's what they played: Go Let It Out, Who Feels Love, Supersonic, Shakermaker, Acquiesce, Gas Panic, Roll With It, Stand By Me, Wonderwall, Cigarettes And Alcohol, Live Forever, Champagne Supernova, Rock 'n' Roll Star."

Lineage: Audience> Sharp Minidisc 831 24bitATRAC w/Aiwa stereo mic!?!?>monsterCable>Macbookpro>SoundStudio>Xact>You
lenght: 1.19'52 sec
Quality: 7
Size: 298 MB
16bit 44.100


1. Fuckin In The Bushes
2. Go Let It Out
3. Who Feels Love
4. Supersonic
5. Shakermaker
6. Acquiesce
7. Gas Panic !
8. Roll With It
9. Stand By Me
10. Wonderwall
11. Cigarettes & Alcohol
12. Live Forever
13. Champagne Supernova
14. Rock'n'Roll Star

Enjoy it!

DON'T CONVERT THIS IN ANY LOSSY FORMAT AND DON'T SELL IT!!!