Oasis
Detroit, MI, USA @ The Fox Theatre
August 21, 2002

Equipment: Mini Disc --- Giant-Squid Powered Battery Box Binaural > Sony MZ-R700|
Transfer: Mini Disc-Master > Tascam MD-301MKII > Optical to Coaxial > Audiophile 24/96 > WAV > FLAC > traders little helper > You
Taping Position: Mezzanine Seating, slightly off center - left, 2nd row
Taper: Galen / http://www.collectiveunconscious.org/
Gen: 0

Torrented: DIME - 11/2009

Notes: This was my 3rd time seeing Oasis, my wife's 2nd & my 1st time actually recording them. First time was Clarkston, MI @ DTE (the tour where they played b-sides w/the Black Crowes). This was an excellent show from the Hindu Times era. Me, I've loved this band since 1994 the first time I heard Live Forever, was hooked. The Fox Theatre, where the performed this evening, is still around & is a very nice place, rich with elegance, class & a dirty underside - much like Detroit, MI as well as (some might say), Oasis. This venue was a perfect setting for Oasis's last stop of their Summer 2002 US Tour. Noel Gallagher did an acoustic version of Wonderwall (quite different than studio, electic version (full band) & acoustic renditions) which was lovely. His slowed-down rendition was truly beautiful but, oddly enough or not at all odd, a fight broke out down on the floor during this beautiful song. Noel actually says "what the fuck was all that about?" Damn, people are stupid. Not much has changed. I thought that the band was extremely tight this night, truly polished and professional musicians. They did not do anything really remarkable or dramatic for the last-stop (they are Oasis right; rigid with the setlist alomst Stalin-like) but the show was, nonetheless, the best I've heard Oasis perform up to that point. The set list itself is interesting, nice to hear these songs played in the order. Truth be told, I was hoping that Noel would be playing some more acoustic songs rather than just one, as he had done in previous shows. But, very hard to complain. I think that is fair to say, with Oasis, that you either dig them or you do not. If anything, they have one huge musical repotoire with the albums, singles & B-sides. Recently, I heard they broke up for good this time; we will see. I'm sure they will play again. The sound of this is decent, at least average or above average (for the time period & equipment used). Slight mic phasing up until 4th song in as security was walking around as were ushers. Hope you dig this. Before now; this show was sort of available as I traded it with a couple people back in 2002, 2003 however after searching a few trade lists it appears this performance is still 'not availabele' for many collectors.

Setlist Attained?: Yes --- But, the setlist I received was from an alternate date of the tour. Still cool.

Setlist:
Intro
Fuckin' In The Bushes
Hello!
The Hindu Times
Hung In A Bad Place
Go Let It Out
Columbia
What's The Story Morning Glory
Stop Crying Your Heart Out
Little By Little
Cigarettes & Alcohol
Live Forever
Better Man
Force Of Nature
Born On A Different Cloud
Acquiesce
Wonderwall (Noel Gallagher - solo acoustic)
Don't Look Back In Anger
Some Might Say
My Generation

Notes:
PLEASE DO NOT CONVERT TO MP3 or LOSSY FORMATS / KEEP SOURCE INFO
DO NOT SELL, TRADE/SHARE FREELY