LDB Master Series #153 

Hello, this is a collection of masters I would like to seed here. I've been taping shows for more than 20 years and have an 
awful lot of masters. Most of them are in the old cassette format, some others are on MiniDisc and others are on CD. I've 
taped many shows of many artists over the years, so don't be surprised if you will find many different artists taped! Some 
shows are already circulating, some others have not circulated through collectors yet. But most of all, enjoy! 
They all come from my masters! 

DO NOT share this music on mp3, just convert it for your own use. Sharing mp3's is the right way to make me stop sharing 
music here. 

OASIS
Paris, Le Bataclan
November 10, 2008
France Inter Broadcast
"Varan and the Unbelievable"

01. Intro / Rock'n'Roll Star 
02. Lyla 
03. The Shock Of The Lightning
04. Cigarettes & Alcohol 
05. The Meaning Of Soul 
06. To Be Where There's Life 
07. Waiting For The Rapture 
08. The Masterplan 
09. Songbird 
10. Slide Away 
11. Morning Glory 
12. Ain't Got Nothin' 
13. The Importance Of Being Idle
14. I'm Outta Time 
15. Wonderwall 
16. Supersonic 
17. Don't Look Back In Anger 
18. Falling Down 
19. Champagne Supernova 
20. I Am The Walrus 

Lineage: France Inter broadcast > Onkyo TX-8511 FM tuner > Edirol R-09 > HD via USB > Sound Forge 7.0 > CD Wave Editor > 
FLAC Frontend (level 6)

Chris Sharrock - drums
Leon Russell - keyboards
Noel Gallagher - guitar, backing vocals
Liam Gallagher - vocals
Gem Archer - guitar
Andy Bell - bass

This one was scheduled for September 30th but then cancelled and postponed because of the accident to Noel Gallagher.
This is the live broadcast from France Inter. Oasis is not my cup of tea, honestly, but I thought I would please somebody 
by taping this one. 
I need to warn you that there are bloody commentaries between songs but I preferred not to edit them to avoid cutting 
some music. Plus I have to say that the FM sound really sucks (no connection with Oasis, it was the way the gig was 
recorded by the radio which was far too bassy and boomy) so i did a bit of equalization to improve it.

This is dedicated to Varan the Unbelievable who will love the show!

ldb
