Oasis
The Eden Project
Bodelva, St Austell, Cornwall
14 July 2009

Source 1: AT898 > SP-SPSB-10 > Edirol R-09HR (44.1kHz 24 bit)
Source 2: Icom IC-R5 (ear monitor feed) > Edirol R-09 (44.1KHz 24 bit)

Time aligned in Adobe Audition 3.0 and mastered in Adobe Audition 3.0, Har Bal 2.0 and Izotope Ozone 4.0


 Fuckin' In The Bushes
 Rock 'n' Roll Star
 Lyla
 The Shock Of The Lightning
 Cigarettes & Alcohol
 Roll With It
 To Be Where There's Life
 Waiting For The Rapture
 The Masterplan
 Songbird
 Slide Away
 Morning Glory
 My Big Mouth
 Whatever
 Half The World Away
 I'm Outta Time
 Wonderwall
 Supersonic
 Live Forever
 Don't Look Back In Anger
 Falling Down
 Champagne Supernova
 I Am The Walrus

Bonus tracks: Soundcheck

 Live Forever
 Half The World Away
 General messing about
 Whatever
 Falling Down
 Gas Panic (Noel on vocals)

Info
----
The Eden Project is a visitor attraction in the deepest, darkest depths of Cornwall in the far flung (and not often visited by any bands let alone large ones) south west corner of the UK.  The project is constructed in an unused china clay pit and was built as a statement to prove that industrialised areas can be returned to nature.  The project is the home to the world’s largest greenhouse.  This show was originally meant to take place in the summer of 2008 and was set to be broadcast internationally on MTV as the launch event for the Dig Out Your Soul album.  The concert was postponed due to the fact that Noel Gallagher was unable to perform after breaking three ribs in a stage invasion incident several weeks before.  The TV broadcast eventually took place from Wembley Arena, however the gig was rescheduled as a fan only event with tickets allocated by lottery. The audience was small and the band were in an extremely relaxed mood, taking place only a couple of days after the huge Wembley Stadium gigs.  Of note, Cigarettes and Alcohol is dedicated to the Sawmills (the recording studios where Definitely Maybe was recorded) are only a stone throw away.  In 2008, the Verve played at this venue.  I was on the front barrier for this and the security guard told me about the time Oasis returned to the Sawmills in 2003, where he worked during the day, to record Don’t Believe The Truth (the sessions were later aborted).  Liam and Noel allegedly had a fight during these sessions that ended with Liam throwing an ash tray at Noel.  The ash tray hit the wall with such force that the wall was structurally damaged and had to be rebuilt.  The sessions were aborted and Oasis banned for life.  Don’t Believe The Truth was later recorded in Los Angeles.  I hope you enjoy this recording.  This event is one of the highlights of my life.  This is the funniest version of Don’t Look Back In Anger that you will hear.  Eerily, my friend said at the end of this gig that Oasis would split at the end of this summer.  This is the same friend who drove around with me in 1993 in my 1986 VW Polo (around the same dead end corner of this country) listening the demo of Cigarettes and Alcohol from the NME cover tape The Mutha of Creation, saying that they would one day be the biggest band in the world.  What can I say.  The guy has an ear for music.  I have also included the soundcheck which I recorded from a hill about a mile away using a telegainer aerial.  The quality isn’t quite as good as the main gig but has a rare version of Gas Panic with Noel on vocals.

Noel’s tales from the middle of nowhere
--------------------------------------------------

So! The Eden Project. A wonderful place. Particularly for the kids, one would've thought.

As for a rock'n'roll show? I'm not so sure. It was a re-scheduled show from last September (did I mention that?) when that idiot broke up my rib-cage. Somewhat predictably it fuckin' pissed down! SIDEWAYS!! It was raining on stage at one point. The audience were all in proper wet weather gear. Was like playing to the hippies at Greenham Common in the 80s.

All that being said, I really enjoyed it. Quite intimate. 6,000 wurzels. Think there was actually more people in the dressing room on Sunday night at Wembley. Good laugh. Didn't hang around after, still felt rough after the weekend.

Feel tip-top today though. Which is great 'cos we're in Valencia for that Benicassim festival. SCORCHIO!! Having a lazy day. Getting some sun. Basking in the glory of Man City's spending. Carlos Tevez joined us yesterday (or maybe the day before)!! What an exciting time for us. The Oasis tour finishes about 2 games into the new season. I fully plan to go to every game possible next season. Usually manage about 6 a season. Gonna have a lot of time on my hands in the near future so bring it on. WE ARE CITY.

In a bit.

GD