1. Concert & Torrent Info
 (1) Artist: Oasis
      Noel Gallagher (guitar, vocal)
      Liam Gallagher (vocal)
      Gem Archer (guitar)
      Andy Bell (bass)
      Chris Sharrock (drums)
      Jay Darlington (keyboards)
 (2) Date: March 24th 2009
 (3) Venue: the Intex Osaka, Osaka Japan
 (4) Disc Title & Catalog #: Dig Out Your Sound / T&J?TWOSP-005/006
 (5) The Wall of Sound Project
      a. Tapers: Tom & Jerry
      b. Sound Editor: Naniwa Hot Brothers the
      c. Art Work Designer: Mickey Jaggar

2. Recording Info
     Takoyaki Mics>Church Pre>Mr-1

3. Sound Quality;
     Check a MP3 sample provided in the comments.

4. Set List/Disc Info
  Disc 1
   01 Pre Show Annoucement
   02.Opening
   03.Fuckin' in the Bushes
   04.Rock'n'Roll Star
   05.Lyla
   06.The Shock of the Lightning
   07.Cigarettes & Alcohol
   08.The Meaning of Soul
   09.To Be Where There's Life
   10.Waiting for the Rapture
   11.The Masterplan
   12.Songbird
   13.Slide Away
   14.Morning Glory
   15.Ain't Got Nothin'
 Disc 2
   01.Whatever
   02.The Importance of Being Idle
   03.I'm Outta Time
   04.Wonderwall
   05.Supersonic
  Encore:
   06.Don't Look Back in Anger
   07.Falling Down
   08.Champagne Supernova
   09.I Am the Walrus
   10.After Show Annoucement

5. MickeyÅfs Notes:
I have a several reasons to upload this one.

(1) I upload this one for those who watched the show from way too back, or far too left or right.  At this venue the audience was confined into the designated section.  For example with a general admission ticket for the back section, you were stuck in the back and could not move forward from there.  Given the size and poor acoustic of the venue, I would not be surprised even if you were hugely disappointed with the gig and never ever want to see an Oasis show again.

So here is a second chance to hear what Oasis sounds like at the front row area on that date.  Up-close you will be overwhelmed by the sound and the vision and easily loose yourself in music.  Push and being pushed in the psyched crowd, you shout, scream, and sing along with your sweaty Oasis buddies.  You canÅft be timid out there. You gotta be bold. You know you donÅft look for the comfortable environment to appreciate the classical music. Well in fact you donÅft hear music at all sometimes but you do want to cop out of there because the music pumps down over you full blast and you like soaking up the Oasis using five senses.  You do not only enjoy the show but also become the part of the show.  The small cut and bruise and hoarse voice are the small price to pay for the total satisfaction and a strong sense of fulfillment you experience after the show.
Well sorry for rambling, crank up the volume and enjoy the show!
   .
(2) I upload this one for those who were too busy with their lives to make it to an Osaka show.  The Ågrun-of-the-millÅh show was nothing short of solid performance and great audience response.  Liam "wanted TOP voices" from the audience for Wonderwall. And he got it.  This rendition of DonÅft-Look-Back-In-Anger gave me goose-bumps and possible make you regret that you missed it.  DonÅft worry.  Oasis promised to come back in no time.  As a matter of fact they will come back to Japan this summer for the Fuji Rock Festival.

(3) I upload this one for every loyal Oasis fan
The usual rule does not apply here.  If you think this one is worthy of sharing, please spread it in whatever audio format you think is appropriate.  FLAC, WAV, MP3, AAC, I donÅft care.  Just do it for other Oasis fans.

(4) I upload this one to send out a message
I met up with this great taper after the show.  He has contributed quality recordings to Dime and other fan-based trading communities for long.  But these days he is so reluctant to share his works with others because a bunch of blood-sucking bootlegger and their culprits downloaded his recordings from Dime and has sold them on the internet.   He is really pissed off and canÅft seem to stop cursing themÅc..

So here is a simple message for my dearest fucked-up bootleggers
Leave this recording or others alone.  If you need one, dig out your own one (sound).  Tapers donÅft want to be any part of profit-making and ripping-other- fans-off business.  So get a life and move on.

2. Tapers Notes:
We did not plan to seed this show.  We went there because we just wanted to test out the new gear for a kick.  We know this could be a lot better if we tried harderÅcÅc..Sorry folks, maybe the next time we should shoot for the best.  Take it easy & enjoy the show.