http://www.mrmonobrow.dsl.pipex.com/monobrow/noelsolo.htm


 TAPE 2 - "NOEL'S SONGS" (1989)
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
The second tape, which contained five tracks, was believed to been recorded by Noel in 1989.  Only one track, 'But What If...', was unheard, with the other four songs being on the 1988 tape, although it's unknown if the recordings are exactly the same.  A couple of friends of the seller of the tape appeared on alt.music.oasis on the 26th July 2001 gauging possible demand for a private sale.  They claimed It had gone up for auction at Christies at an earlier date but didn't sell, supposedly because Noel Gallagher was there in person attempting to buy some original John Lennon lyrics and potential buyers were perhaps put off by his presence.  You can see the Christies brochure of the original auction, which features more information on the history of the tape here and you can read the original alt.music.oasis thread here.

In June 2006, this tape was put up for sale on eBay but was later sold privately.  Clips from all five songs were made available to this site as evidence of the tapes authenticity.  The tape was purchased by a consortium of Oasis fans with the explicit agreement that the contents of the tape would be made publicly available and that the tape would later be returned to Noel in some way.  See pictures of the tape here, here, and here.  You can read about the history of the tape, written by the original owner, here.

 

1. What's It Got To Do With You?   (NEW!! - 2:00)
The song was also included on Noel's 1988 demo tape although it's unknown if both tapes contain the same exact recording.  Read an NME review of this track here and a review taken from Record Collector magazine here.  Both reviews are of the version from the 1988 demo tape.  Noel also apparently referred to this song as 'Ask Me How I Feel'.


2. Hey You (aka No Cause For Alarm!)   (NEW!! - 3:29)
The song was also included on Noel's 1988 demo tape (under the title of 'No Cause For Alarm') although it's unknown if both tapes contain the same exact recording.  Read an NME review of this track here and a review taken from Record Collector magazine here.  Both reviews are of the version from the 1988 demo tape.  Noel referred to this song as 'Hey You'.

View a snippet of handwritten lyrics to this song here.


3. What's Been Happenin' (aka I Didn't Think So!)   (NEW!! - 3:01)
The song was also included on Noel's 1988 demo tape (under the title of 'I Didn't Think So') although it's unknown if both tapes contain the same exact recording.  Read an NME review of this track here and a review taken from Record Collector magazine here.  Both reviews are of the version from the 1988 demo tape.


4. But What If...   (NEW!! - 4:50)
Clip 1 first emerged online on the 1st August 2001 when three short clips (of the intro, verse and chorus) were made available from a couple of friends of the seller of the tape.  The audio clips were posted to alt.binaries.music.oasis as evidence of the tapes authenticity.  See the announce thread on alt.music.oasis here. 


5. Gotta Have Fun   (NEW!! - 5:02)
The song was also included on Noel's 1988 demo tape (under the title of 'Have Fun!!').  Scroll up for a clip of the song from that tape.  Clip 2 is from the 1989 tape.

You can view Noel's original handwritten lyrics to this song here.  Read an NME review of this track here and a review taken from Record Collector magazine here.  Both reviews are of the version from the 1988 demo tape.