A Backstage Upstage at the Black Cat: Beck Unannounced

By Mark Jenkins
Special to The Washington Post
Wednesday, November 1, 2006; Page C03

Attempting to impart some excitement to the fading format known as 
the CD, Beck delivered his latest release, "The Information," with 
multiple extras, including stickers so fans can construct their own 
cover. Monday night, the eclectic singer took a similarly lower-tech 
approach to breaking the mold, playing an unannounced show at the 
Black Cat's backstage -- and upstaging the evening's official 
headliner, Apples in Stereo. The gig was one of several "secret" 
shows Beck has scheduled, reportedly for a change of pace and a 
break from the expectations of large-venue concerts.

Fronting a five-man band that was bewigged for Halloween, Beck 
played a pleasantly disorganized 70-minute set that touched on 
most of his career. With shoulder-length blond locks that made
 him look a bit like David Spade, he ventured into rap and folk, 
the styles he fused on his early recordings. Yet the emphasis 
was on stark, "Midnite Vultures''-style funk. Using borrowed 
equipment, the backing musicians added keyboards, guitar and 
electronic squawks, but their most important contribution was 
bass and percussion.

Beck reached back to 1996's "Devil's Haircut," and played 
several songs from "The Information," including "Nausea" and 
"Think I'm in Love." Yet he didn't flog the new album, and 
was open to requests from the 150 or so fans who pressed close 
to the stage. Though he seemed relaxed, the veteran of much 
larger venues made little of his unusual proximity to the 
audience. He bantered occasionally with the enthusiastic 
crowd, but mostly relied on trusted arena-rock gambits like 
interjecting local references into the lyrics. ("Hollywood 
Freaks" became "D.C. freaks.'') For a guy who's known for 
mixing things up, Beck didn't seem to vary his concert routine 
very much at all.

Upstairs earlier in the evening, Denver's Apples in Stereo 
and London's Archie Bronson Outfit played sets rooted in, 
respectively, early '70s Top 40 and late-'70s post-punk. The 
Apples, up to six members, proved more capable of reproducing 
their intricate recorded sound than ever before.

Glimmers of the band's folk-rock past could be heard, but the 
performance was heavy on material from the upcoming album "New 
Magnetic Wonder" -- sunny, harmony-heavy pop with hooks that 
echoed Bachman-Turner Overdrive and even heavier bands.

The most intense performance came from the Archie Bronson 
Outfit, which wedded thumping blues-rock to scratchy punk 
textures. Joined by local cellist Amy Domingues for part of 
its 30-minute set, the trio swaggered uneasily, as if its 
musical power couldn't dispel some underlying anxiety.
