Bush
The Adventures of Friar Tuck and The Fart Ninja
2019-08-20
Cadence Bank Amphitheater, Atlanta, GA

Recorded by MrFender
A Better Than Nothing Production

CA-14 (Cards) > CA9100 Preamp > Sony PCM-M10 (24/96) > Audacity (split & down sample to 16/44) > TLH (Flac Level 6)
No other processing, fades, etc. Raw music as recorded.

Middle act between Our Lady of Peace and +Live+ (recorded)

Intro music
Machinehead
This Is War
Everything Zen
Swallowed
The Sound of Winter
Warm Machine
Hapy Birthday
Bullet Holes
Little Things
Glycerine
Comedown
Exit Music


Recorded from center field straight out from the stage, last couple rows of seats.  Vocals are good, the rest of the band is ok, just a function of the seat location - way in the back but hey, they were only $20.  And then there's the talking.

In front of us was a group of about 6-7 people led by a patriarch with a head of hair that looked like he was auditioning for Friar Tuck in a production of Robin Hood.  Bald on top with a ring of hair all around his head.  The there was dopy guy wearing a shirt with "Fart Ninja" on it.  Classy threads to wear to the show.  Anyway, they talked from the preceding Our Lady Peace show all the way through the following +Live+ set.  Over three hours with hardly a slow down. 

During The Sound of Winter, you will hear Fart Ninja try to squeeze his way into the line of "his friends" standing by their seats.  It's full and there's no where for anyone to move but. like the Fart Ninja he is, worms his way inbetween two people which causes a couple to bail out of there.  Probably rather than put up with this idiot.  And it's all on tape at the 31 minute mark.  And our daring duo proceed to pound 20 ounce beers throughout the show and have to yell during the loud parts.  Why are they even there?  No idea, they sure don't pay attention to what's happening on-stage.

Anyway, it's not terrible as they are mostly drown out during the loud parts.  After Warm Machine, Gavin brings out one of his kids whose birthday is the following day and essentially makes the crowd sing Happy Birthday to the kid.  The cynic in me thinks, "What's the crowd going to do?  Not sing?"  Getting grumpy with having to put up with the Fart Ninja clan I suppose.  He's just a kid and his dad loves him so I shouldn't be such an A**hole.  

Overall a short and high energy set with all/most of the hits.  Looks like the same setlist they've used for the entire tour. During one of the songs (can't for the life of me remember) Gavin makes his way to the back of the venue and sings a little.  No encore and weirdly, as soon as Gavin finishes the last notes of Comedown, he litterally lofts his guitar to the tech (not angrily, just dramatically) and even before they are taking a bow, the PA is blasting one of their own tunes.  No pause, just immediately starts blasting a song, never seen that before.


Enjoy,
MrFender



