Band name: Bush
Date: Wednesday, February 22, 2023
Venue/location: The Palace Theater, Louisville, Kentucky, USA
Tour name: The Art of Survival Tour 2023
Recording type: Audience
Taper(s): Chickenwing
Media: lossless; 2 CDs
Source information: Digital Master
Lineage: Zoom H2N internal X-Y microphones (24 bit, 48 KHZ WAV) -> mastered in Goldwave -> track splitting in Goldwave -> encoded to FLAC level 6 using Trader's Little Helper
Generation: Master
Total running time: 1:39:42 (100 minutes)

Track listing:
01. Intro
02. Identity
03. Machinehead
04. Blood River
05. The Chemicals Between Us
06. Bullet Holes
07. The Sound of Winter
08. Flowers on a Grave
09. Jam
10. Everything Zen
11. 1000 Years
12. Swallowed
13. Quicksand
14. Heavy Is the Ocean
15. More Than Machines
16. Little Things
17. Encore
18. The Kingdom
19. Glycerine
20. Comedown

Notes and comments:
Lineup: unknown opener (not recorded), Bush
The band:
Gavin Rossdale – lead vocals, rhythm guitar
Chris Traynor – lead guitar, backing vocals
Corey Britz – bass, backing vocals
Nik Hughes – drums

Recorded from the front row.

My dad got us tickets to this gig for my wife's birthday. None of us were very familiar with Bush, but we're obviously concert people so we showed up! We stopped at Sicilian Pizza & Pasta for dinner, which is becoming our tradition when we see shows on 4th Street. We arrived pretty late, and I got seated around 10 minutes before Bush took the stage.
This show had a slightly different setlist based on the other recordings I've seen on this tour, and runs 10 minutes over the average set time. Gavin seems sort of talkative, and really seemed to open up about how he had been struggling lately. The show didn't seem all that special in the moment, but the more I listen, the more I realize this was probably one of the most memorable gigs from this tour.
The sound in particular was excellent, and loud! The clarity can't be beat, but the drawback of those seats is that a few people walked in front of me during the set which never happens in my usual taping spot at the Palace. The worst of this is during track 9. You can also hear the drunk fan girls behind me. They freak out a few times, in fact!

Support Bush: http://bushofficial.com/
My masters: https://www.dropbox.com/s/rw7vl4egxozs9nt/Masters.txt?dl=1
If you're interested in a trade, looking for a taper, or would like to contact me for any reason, I can be reached via the ID Chickenwing8 on most trading sites.
I would like to include a heartfelt thank you to the people over at Setlist.FM for constantly doing their best to update and accurately post setlists from every show possible. Everyone makes mistakes (and they're known for it) but they have helped me immensely in writing up track listings for my show, and lots of the information found accompanying my shows is thanks to them. Whether I have used Setlist.FM to collect information for this particular show or not, they deserve so many thanks for all the help they have given me in the past.
Finally, the confusion regarding the legality of recording concerts is because of those who sell them. I do not condone selling freely-shared live music, and blame those who sell concerts for the lack of people recording and sharing content, as well as for the bad reputation society places upon those of us who do. Let it also be noted that any who sell this recording deserve nothing more than to have their own collection confiscated and shared freely with the masses. Please only degrade audio quality for personal use. Also, I ask that you keep this info file intact.
Mastered by Chickenwing on February 24-28, 2023.
Enjoy!