Revolting Cocks 
August 09, 1990
New York, NY
The Ritz
16-Bit Version

http://www.reflectinginthechrome.com/shows/1990/19900809.html

Equipment: Unknown
Taper: Unknown
Generation: 1st Gen cassette
Lineage: Master Cassette > Cass. > Nakamichi CR-3A > Sony PCM-M10 (24/48) > Adobe Audition (Normalize to -0.1 db, Convert to 16/44) > CDWAVE (track) > FLAC

Setlist:
Beers, Steers & Queers Drop (Your Britches Mix) + (Take Em Right Off Mix)
Physical
In The Neck
Tv Mind
Union Carbide
No Devotion
Something Wonderful
Attack Ships On Fire
Stainless Steel Providers
Get Down
Supernaut (Trent Reznor on vocals)
Public Image

Personnel:
Al Jourgensen - Vocals, Guitar
Paul Barker - Bass
Chris Connelly - Vocals
Luc Van Acker - Vocals
Phil Owen - Vocals
Jeff Ward - Drums
Trent Reznor - Vocals on 'Supernaut'
Mark Durante - Guitar
Michael Balch - Keyboards


Notes:
I was going through my closet and found a box of cassettes I really never looked through. Lo and behold, I found this gem! This recording is a rarer show, and probably the only one from the RevCo fall 1990 tour. Not to mention this is from a 1st gen cassette tape. I believe I got this recording from Aaron F. as he was unloading some cassettes. He does not remember who taped these recordings or with what. I can tell you this is an exceptional recording. I did have this show on the archive, but from a poor CD ripped version that included skips/errors. The sound quality on this transfer is exceptional for a 1990 recording. Glad I did not throw out this box until I looked through it! 

"Supernaut" includes Trent Reznor (Nine Inch Nails) on vocals. Not sure if he played any other instruments during the show(s), or if this was a one off special guest appearance on this tour. 

This is the 16 bit version. This can be burned straight to CD. If you would like the 24/48 version, you can find it on DIME or the NIN Drive. 

If you have any past recordings of Nine Inch Nails you would like to add to the live archive at http://www.reflectinginthechrome.com, or are taping any concerts in the future please get in contact with me at ryanj at reflectinginthechrome dot com!