Well, I'm finally getting around to digitizing my 700+ cassettes (at my wife's insistence--she wants them out of the house), so I'm going to start posting some goodies here. I taped many a show in the Toronto area from the late '80's to the late '90's, and also recorded a lot of radio broadcasts, mostly from CFNY, 102.1 in Toronto. Hope you stumble across something you like, or even a show you were at!

addendum: I have had many comments about the fate of my tapes, so for those worried about them...the masters I am boxing up and storing in my parents' basement. The others (mixed tapes, recorded LP's, etc) are getting tossed. My wife is not evil or insensitive--we live in a small place, and the many boxes were getting in the way.  This is something I'VE wanted to do for awhile, as well.  She just gave me the push. Oh, and she doesn't have shelves of makeup, or hundreds of shoes, no matter what stereotypes you care to buy in to. Her comic collection, however....


Tori Amos--Rivoli Tavern, Toronto, April 25, 1992

And so begins my love/hate relatioship with Tori Amos.  A bunch of us were driving back from some show in Toronto, when a friend turns to me and says, "Have you heard Tori Amos yet?  She sounds a lot like Kate Bush".  I was a well-known Kate freak, and had been told that someone sounds "just like her" many times, but they never had.  He handed me his Walkman, and played me "Leather".  I was blown away--she DID sound like Kate Bush, but different, in a good way.  I found a copy of "Little Earthquakes" the next day, and instantly fell in love with it.  A little later, I asked the folks at my local TicketMaster outlet to let me know if any Tori shows appeared on their screen.  As it turns out, one had been announced that morning, for sale later on in the week.  I went back and grabbed a few. 
The Rivoli Tavern is a small place, holding less than 200 people at the time (I believe they have expanded a little since then).  I doubt it was at capacity that night, as Tori had us all sit down on the floor so those at the back could see. It was an amazing night--just Tori, a piano, and an appreciative crowd.  I tried to stick around to meet her, but she didn't come back out, and 2 guys who had been sitting behind me were making me nervous--I heard them talking about seeing me taping, and maybe telling the management about it.  They were hanging around too, so I thought it best to leave and keep my tape.  This is one of the earliest know Tori boots, according to the Tori Amos Setlist Database.

Lineage: aud master from Sony WM-F17>M-audio sound card>wav>flac
editing with CDWav

Track Listing:
01. intro
02. Little Earthquakes (false start)
03. improv
04. Crucify
05. Little Earthquakes
06. Happy Phantom
07. Silent All These Years
08. Precious Things
09. Case of You
10. Tear In Your Hand
11. Leather
12. Whole Lotta Love
13. Thank You
14. Upside Down (cuts)
15. Me and a Gun
16. Winter
17. encore break
18. Smells Like Teen Spirit
19. Mother
20. China
21. Angie

Enjoy!

This is number 137 in an ongoing series.