Twisted Acoustics presents...

*Source 1

Band name: The Offspring
Date: 19 July, 2019
Venue/location: Northlands Park Parking Lot [K-Days South Stage]
Recording type: Audience
Taper(s): ExVee
Photography: xx
Artwork: xx
Media: Lossless
Source information: Digital Masters
Source 1: PA > Zoom iQ5 > Reaper > You
Generation: Master
Total running time: 1:09:21

Track listing:
01. Americana
02. All I Want
03. Come Out and Play
04. It Won't Get Better
05. Want You Bad
06. Genocide
07. Staring at the Sun
08. Whole Lotta Rosie
09. Bad Habit
10. Gotta Get Away
11. Gone Away
12. Why Don't You Get a Job
13. (Can't Get My) Head Around You
14. Pretty Fly for a White Guy
15. The Kids Aren't Alright
16. You're Gonna Go Far, Kid
17. Self Esteem

Notes and comments:
Lineup: ??, The Offspring
The Band:
Dexter Holland - Lead vocals, rhythm guitar, co-lead guitar, piano, keyboards, and synthisizers
Greg Kriesel - Bass, backing vocals
Noodles - Lead guitar, backing vocals
Pete Parada - Drums, percussion

Chatter, loud audience nearby, rain, view blocked by umbrellas, and nowhere to go. This show was a nightmare.

Support The Offspring: https://www.offspring.com/

We would like to include a heartfelt thank you to the people over at Setlist.FM for constantly doing their best to update and accurately post setlists from every show possible. Everyone makes mistakes (and they're known for it) but they have helped us immensely in writing up track listings for our shows, and lots of the information found accompanying our shows is thanks to them. Whether we have used Setlist.FM to collect information for this particular show or not, they deserve so many thanks for all the help they have given us in the past.
Finally, the confusion in regards to the legality of recording concerts is due to those dishonorable individuals who sell them. We do not condone selling freely-shared live music, and blame those who sell concerts for the lack of people recording and sharing content. Let it also be noted that any who sell this recording deserve nothing more than to have their own collection confiscated and shared freely with the masses. Please only degrade audio quality for personal use. Also, we ask that you keep this info file intact.
Not one shall gain profit off this recording.
Mastered and Tracked by ExVee on 18 August 2019

Enjoy this Twisted Acoustics release!