The Offspring
July 30, 2022
Wheatland, CA
Hard Rock Live

--

Lineage:
Multiple IEM Receivers > Multitrack Recorder
Taper: Hoserama

Mixed, Produced, and Mastered by Sharebear/Hoserama
Aligned in Adobe Audition
Mixed in Reaper, using extra waves and Ozone plug-ins
Dithered using Izotope MBIT+
Flac'ed using Trader's Little Helper
Mix version 20220801B

--

01. Intro
02. Staring at the Sun
03. Come Out and Play
04. Want You Bad
05. The Opoid Diaries
06. Army of One
07. Behind Your Walls
08. Hit That
09. Hammerhead
10. Bad Habit
11. Gotta Get Away
12. Gone Away
13. Why Don't You Get a Job
14. Can't Get My Head Around You
15. Pretty Fly for a White Guy
16. The Kids Aren't Alright
17. Encore
18. You're Gonna Go Far, Kid
19. Self Esteem

--

Recording Notes:
Recorded 6 feeds, but only ended up using 4 for the mix. Feeds had varying levels of click track and counts, which has been mostly scrubbed. You might hear some remnants at point. Good clean mix overall, but could use an audience recording for some ambience. If anybody has one that's decent, let me know and I'll look at including it in another mix.

Show Notes:
Solid show from the Offspring. 3 shows in a row for them so probably a bit wiped. Short show too, barely 75 minutes as a headliner.

--

As always, encouraging people to get into taping and mixing. Just take the craft seriously and it will reward you many times over. There's no point in complaining about missing recordings or subpar quality if you're not contributing--pushing 1's and 0's around on the internet is no comparison for taping.

--

IEM recordings are not for everyone. If not they're not your thing, either sonically or ethically, there's excellent alternative recordings out there.

Similarly, I'm mixing primarily for my ears. This is what sounds best to me. This may not sound best to you. That's a fair statement. I'm open to honest criticism (although you should have caught me when I was working on the mix!), but pointless complaining is unappreciated (naturally). Let's play nice. Or maybe lug in recording equipment and make an alternate mix of your own sources. Or if you really think you could do a better mix, reach out with your resume, and maybe you can have the raw sources.

--

Please don't sell this recording in any way - no cash for blanks, 2:1s, or any other form of "getting paid for your time". Just share it freely.

Please don't convert to mp3, then back to wave, and then trade it around. This stuff is too easy to find on torrents now.

Feel free to remaster/remix this recording. Just keep it to your own computer and iPod.

Also, please don't torrent or share on other sites without at least dropping me a line and asking. This includes YouTube and Guitars101! I may want to just torrent/share it there myself. Just ask permission, it's not that hard.

Please ask (and wait for permission!) before putting it into any matrix + video production. If you ask nicely for a quality high-res video project, I will likely say yes. If you put it on YouTube or cell phone video production without asking, I will send my cats from hell to chew your computer cables.

--

Enjoy y'all!
- Hoserama/Sharebear

