The Offspring
Ottawa, ON
Ottawa Bluesfest
Lebreton Flats
2024-07-11

Recorded by: palm0014

Lineage:   iPhone 11 mics>Voice Record Pro>Logic Pro X>48/24>xAct
Boosted tracks by 9.6dB
Location: 10 feet away from a secondary PA stack away from the stage.  The PA stack was for a video screen for an alternate viewing site away from the main stage.

Set
01 - (Intro music)
02 - Come Out and Play
03 - All I Want
04 - Want You Bad
05 - Staring at the Sun
06 - Make It All Right
07 - Iron Man [Black Sabbath] (short)
08 - Rockin' In The Free World [Neil Young] (short)
09 - In the Hall of the Mountain King [Edvard Grieg]
10 - Blitzkrieg Bop [The Ramones]
11 - Hit That
12 - Million Miles Away
13 - Bad Habit
14 - Gotta Get Away
15 - Why Don't You Get a Job?
16 - (Can't Get My) Head Around You
17 - Pretty Fly (for a White Guy)
18 - The Kids Aren't Alright

Encore:
19 - You're Gonna Go Far, Kid
20 - Self Esteem

Show notes:
While I didn't get to many Bluesfest shows this year, I was lucky enough to catch a few that I hadn't seen before.  The Offspring was one of them.

The Offspring was the consolation prize for Neil Young and Crazy Horse cancelling their appearance.  At first I didn't know if they were a worthy replacement but their show blew me away and it had everything you wanted for a warm summer night...great tunes that everyone knows, great banter and excellent musicianship.

It was a killer concert and the crowd was into it as well.  The crowd was moving at full tilt throughout the show.

10/10 show!  The recording itself might also be that score as well...read below for information about that.

Recording notes: I wasn't feeling like hanging in the crowd this particular evening and I was alone so I figured I would try out a new recording spot that I had eyed up earlier in the week.

At the edge of the main concert site they had set up the merchandise booths, toilets and other beer tents.  But they ALSO set up a video screen as well as a PA stack for that particular video screen.  If folks were more interested in hanging outside of the crowd they should take in the show from this vantage point.

I stood 10 feet away from this PA stack and I had a view of the video screen as well as what was going on stage (but from really far away).  

The sound coming from the PA stack was great.  No one was chatting around me.  It was a bizarre festival experience to be honest...usually I'm trying to hear what the stage banter is while dealing with drunks around me chatting it up.  This was a crystal clear sound and I was happy to capture it for you all to listen to.  I hope you enjoy!  I'm pretty proud of its capture.  Perhaps this will be my new taping spot if I don't feel like being in the crowd in the future.

