Aphex Twin
Quart Festival, Kristiansand, Norway
July 13, 1996 (probably)

Source/lineage: FM > cass > SB Live! > .wav > .flac

Sound: A / Very good. Some very slight tape hiss, only
audible when the music is very quiet.

Broadcast on norwegian radio NRK P3 sometime in 1996.
I recorded it to analogue cassette back then, and have
now transferred it to the digital realm.

i tracked it as best as i could, but i'm not very familiar
with aphex twin and his work. the radio host reads the
setlist after the show, but not all titles are easily
understandable... so the track markings are hopefully
correct, but not necessarily.

aphexperts out there feel free to correct :)

CD (53:43)
01. radio intro
02. ..... friend of nico's
03. saltee noob
04. little bowlees
05. suk me for ....
06. contour regard
07. hugh g...//...s theme
08. faffy
09. track 9
10. didgeridon't
11. i want your body
12. radio outro

Tape flip in track 7.
Radio jingles sprinkled throughout, between or at
the very beginning of songs. I did not edit them
out to keep everything flowing nicely.

During the radio intro, the host tells us a little bit
about aphex twin, the myths surrounding him, etc. for
those who don't understand norwegian, here is a summary:

* he obviously liked playing at Quart, because the rumours say
he didn't want any payment for playing.

* at the hotel in Kristiansand, Mr. James enjoyed himself by making
fun of people he thought looked really stupid.

* there is a myth saying that he never sleeps, but that is obviously
not true. but he is by nature "on speed" / quite hyperactive

* a true myth is that at his parents' in Wales he has parked an
armored & armed military vehicle which has caused quite a lot of
damage in the normally quiet town of Cornwall...

* he has done many remixes, and the most well-known is probably
the one he did for Lemonheads, because he had forgotten all about
it, so when the mailman came to pick up the remix, he went up to
his bedroom, found a tape of some music he once made, and presented
it as a remix! this was released on an album, and he made 40.000
bucks (unknown currency) off of it.

* he also claims to have written a lot of pop songs which have
been high on the top 40 lists in great britain, but he refuses
to say which songs/artists this concerns.

* the audience at the Quart Festival had a quite bizarre experience:
there were some teddy-like creature on stage, and aphex twin himself
sat in a sofa and looked like he was quite relaxed. the show itself
is on the other hand very good and very interesting.


radio host: Kristin Vincents
producer: Harald Are Lund
technician: Inger Kvalvik
mixing: Harald Are Lund & Arne Dybvik
recorded by NRK P3.
radio broadcast recorded to analogue cassette by rolf k. - abstractstar AT gmail.com
transferred to digitality march 2, 2005
seeded on easytree.org