Husker Du
University of Oregon,
EMU Dining Room,
Eugene, OR
February 22, 1985

Source\Lineage: SBD(m)>Onkyo-TA-RW344 w\ azimuth correction>Goldwave>.wav>CD Wave>flac (level 8)
1) It’s Not Funny Anymore (blip)
2) >silence<
3) I Apologize
4) If I Told You
5) Folklore
6) Terms Of Psychic Warfare
7) Powerline
8) Books About UFOs
9) How To Skin A Cat
10) Diane
11) Hate Paper Doll
12) Every Everything
13) Makes No Sense At All
14) Green Eyes
15) Divide And Conquer
16) Pink Turns to Blue 
17) Eight Miles High
18) Out On A Limb ( tape flip-cut)
19)  Out on a Limb (cont)
20) Helter Skelter
21) Ticket To Ride
22) Love Is All Around

This recording often makes its rounds missing the opening track, due to some wire issues that make the recording cut out, hence, only a small fraction of the song is actually present. Apparently early in its circulation life it was determined to just leave it off…here, you get the blip, along with a chunk of silence that follows until the issues are worked out…
The entire recording also suffers from being only one channel (left). I therefore am including the entire show tracked, but also the raw complete untracked flacs, for those who intend on doing any doctoring. These will make life a bit easier for you…due to time restraints, and the nature of the recording being a SBD master, I didn’t want to go altering the files and sharing my remaster, There is very little info on the right channel, but there is some, so I didn’t want to make it a two channel mono and destroy the integrity of the master when sharing it. I’ll let you do that…;)
I would say this one is for collectors only, as the recording is mono, the instruments are low, the vox are high, plus the drop outs and a rough tape flip to boot, but with all that, it’s the Huskers in their prime, and this is direct from the master, and include parts of the show which rarely circulate, even if those parts are flawed…a sample is provided as always to help you decide…

enjoy, but please!
Do Not Sell!
Do Not Disseminate in MP3 Format!!

notsaved
 Background: 
I was lucky enough to develop a pretty solid virtual friendship with CM, and seemingly was able to succeed where many others have not: getting him to open up his vast collection of recorded material to digitally transfer. The many requests he received over the years were impossible to fulfill, and he honestly felt badly about ‘hoarding’, but there was little way to oblige all of them over the decades of taping, trading, and collecting 
Perhaps he saw in me the chance to get his tapes transferred for himself, and also out to the many folks who had requested them since his last trading days many moons ago... 
What we have in his’ collection is a brilliant snapshot of the Portland \ Eugene \ Corvallis, Oregon scene in the early to mid-1980’s. Then, after a prolific spell taping his favorite bands in and around Portland, he scored a job working for Touch’n’Go sister label Blast First Records out of the UK. He became label support for Band of Susans, and worked closely with many of the stalwarts during the heyday of that label. 

He has also worked closely with many other bands, in various capacities; including Wire and Nick Cave (at Mute Records); the Buzzcocks, after their reformation in 1989; as well as many, many others…far too many to mention. This series does not even begin to scratch the surface of his collection; much of which is privately recorded and cannot be released to the public without the bands’ permissions. Still, what has been offered up is a pretty amazing collection of recordings, and certainly will bring to light a wealth of new material as well as many upgrades which have remained elusive for a long time. 

Allow me to give a big thanks to CM for his trust in me, and for opening up his vaults to we fans! 
notsaved

