Hüsker Dü
February 7, 1986
Irving Plaza, NYC

Tapegeek’s friend Pee Wee’s copy probably off the master/hitwitstuff2 upload

TDK SA-X90 cassette->LUXMAN K-111 HX Pro Stereo Cassette Deck->Audacity (Levels adjusted, tracks created, no EQ).
flacs created with Switch, MD5 file created with xACT.

Unknown microphone and unknown recorder.

HITWITSTUFF2 SAYS:

Its a long weird path that brings these recordings to DIME. It starts in 1997 when on a work assignment in Los Angeles I started talking with a co-worker named Scott and it turns out that he’s into lots of the music stuff I’m into and he’s a taper! Its almost the final days of this project and Scott appears one morning with a Paper Grocery bag filled with first gen copies from master recordings of Replacements, Husker Du, Minutemen, fIREHOSE, Meat Puppets, Butthole Surfers, Robin Hitchcock…..I got dizzy. I had only three or four days to get them all copied and that could only be done while on my ten hour turnaround between work; thats the time I should be sleeping. I went crazy dubbing with my dubber and cassette to DAT with my other set up (instead of sleeping). I didn’t get em all, but I got all that was very important to me. Fifteen years later, I uploaded one of these “Scott Paper Bag” shows to Dime and told this story. Turns out Scott is on Dime as “Sporkpie” and identified himself to me. I also met his friend who is also on Dime. He goes by Tapegeek. Those first gen copies that were in the bag were mostly copies of Tapegeek (and his friend and fellow DIME’r Peewee’s) master recordings. Tapegeek coincidently is in the same profession as myself. Small world, huh? Well, guess what. These are his recordings off of his master cassettes that we are now going to enjoy and share so lets reward Tapegeek for handing over his master, for trusting me and for his generosity. Lets get some great comments.

Tapegeek Says:

Pee Wee recalls that he got this recording from a “short guy, beard, two arms.”
He thinks it was the taper and that this copy is from the original recording.

If you have ever heard this recording of this show before, it is because I used to trade cassettes with people all over the world, and so dubs of this master have made the rounds in the past - however, I have been waiting for a very long time for someone like hitwitstuff2 to help me out with getting these shows properly digitized and shared, and so many thanks are due to him - share your recordings folks!!! - Tapegeek


1. Flip Your Wig
2. Every Everything
3. Makes No Sense at All
4. The Girl Who Lives on Heaven Hill (cuts off)

It actually sounds like the either the mic, or recorder with built-in mic (tapegeek’s guess) is put away or hidden. Then we return in a better taping position that only gets better as the show progresses, though get your hopes up too high. 

5. (cuts into) I Apologize
6. If I Told You
7. Don’t Want to Know if You are Lonely
8. I Don’t Know For Sure
9. Terms of Psychic Warfare
10. Powerline
11. Books About UFOs
12. banter
13. Hardly Getting Over It
14. Sorry Somehow
15. Eiffel Tower High
16. Pretty Green Eyes
17. Celebrated Summer
18. Whats Going On
19. Eight Miles High
20. Ticket to Ride
21. Love is All Around
