Metallica
Salty Dog Skyroom
Buffalo, NY
December 20, 1985

 
I originally had this posted as 1988-08-03, but research proved it to be the 1985 show. They were playing with WASP.  I got this in trade as a CD-R, so I have no idea on the lineage.  It was extremely loud and quite distorted throughout the spectrum.  One look at the wave and it was a big solid block of color.  I turned the volume way down and restored the clipped data, then EQd it and turned it back up with a softer edge.  There's still distortion in the lower end, but I believe that's from the source tape, not the bad mastering.  Now because this is from CD-R I had a hell of a time determining if it was lossy or not,  TLH says 4 songs are 100% lossless, but questions a couple others. A spectral analysis while playing the file showed a fairly smooth threshold, no haircut, so I'm going with it being lossless, even though the high end sounds a bit tinkly like a lossy file.  That may have to do with the clip restoration.  I'm about 80% sure its lossless.

01 Ecstacy Of Gold
02 Fight Fire With Fire
03 Ride The Lightning
04 Phantom Lord
05 Anasthesia
06 For Whom The Bell Tolls



This is only a portion of the show, but its all that I've ever located.  The entire setlist is:

Ecstasy of Gold (tape)
Fight Fire With Fire
Ride the Lightning
Phantom Lord
Bass Solo
For Whom the Bell Tolls
No Remorse
The Call of Ktulu
Seek & Destroy
Whiplash
Creeping Death
Guitar Solo
Am I Evil?
Motorbreath

If anyone out there has the entire show, please contact me at music_fixer_remixer@yahoo.com










As with nearly everything I post/share, do not sell, but feel welcome to convert anything I post/share to any format you like, lossy or otherwise, and feel free to share/trade it that way.  Spread the music as much as possible, in any format possible.  Music should be free and for everyone to enjoy as they see fit. If a person is completely satisfied with an Mp3, then they should be allowed to get it that way. All music should exist in all available formats, be it lossless, lossy, phone files (well maybe not phone files), or whatever.  The more formats the more people will be exposed to the variety of music out there, and that's a good thing no matter how you slice it.  Just make sure everyone knows what they're getting.




