Damage Inc a/k/a Metallica
100 Club
London, England
August 20, 1987


From the collection of koondog a/k/a Rush-Fan

16 bit version

Transferred & mastered by }{eywood
Lineage: Maxell XLII 90 cassettes (2) > Optimus SCT-57 playback deck > Adobe Audition 1.5 (recording to .wav @ 24/96, speed correction, minor EQ, multitrack mixing of sources, peak limiting, splits & fades) > Xrecode II (conversion to 16/44.1) > TLH (sector alignment, flac 8)


A secret gig where Metallica performed under the name "Damage, Inc."  This is kind of a practice gig for Jason Newstead, who had only recently replaced the late Cliff Burton. 

OK Most of this is the tape marked above, but there are several patches in this taken from the version circulating as Crash Course in London.  This is an alternate taper to that, but it is less complete.  Whenever there was a long break between songs the taper stopped recording.  The problem with doing that is you risk missing something, and he did exactly that with the intro to Sanitarium.  This led me to patch in most of the edited spots from the Crash Course tape, a recording that is many generations and not the best sounding.   These patches total about 4 minutes of the overall recording.

Koondog says this is a 2nd gen tape.  Nevertheless I believe this is a major upgrade to the version already circulating.  Less overall noise and better tonal quality.

The power goes out 3 times at this show, twice during Fade to Black and once during Leper Messiah.  Too heavy!

Live Debut of Leper Messiah.  Only performance EVER of Crash Course in Bain Surgery (and maybe The Small Hours)!

Included are some memorabilia and cover art that was included with the previously circulated version.


01 Intro: The Ecstacy of Gold
02 Creeping Death
03 For Whom The Bell Tolls
04 Fade To Black (w/ 2 power outages)
05 Leper Messiah (w/ power outage)
06 Phantom Lord
07 Welcome home (Sanitarium)
08 Seek And Destroy
09 Master Of Puppets
10 Last Caress
11 Am I Evil?
12 Battery

13 Crash Course In Brain Surgery
14 The Small Hours
15 The Wait
16 Helpless
17 Blitzkrieg



