Metallica
---------
Date: 1988-06-12
Location: Foxboro, MA
Venue: Sullivan Stadium

Source: Audience walkman recorder w/built in mic [I used a TDK SA90 High CrO2 Cassette Tape]

Lineage: Master in AKAI deck > Goldwave Sound Editor > WAV > FLAC



Show Notes: I am the one who recorded this show. This is not the best 
sounding audience recording, but decent (one for the completists).

I got a call the day before from this girl at my job, (it was her recorder I used)
said she had an extra ticket, was I interested in going ? Hell yeah. 
This was the first of 2 Metallica concerts I have been to. Was very 
happy that I was able to capture it on tape. Occassionally you can 
here me talking to the 2 ladies I went to the show with. They had 
never listened to Metallica before so I was telling them song names
and such. Anyway they enjoyed it and became fans.
Up untill now the only version of this show I know of was when I encoded 
this show to mp3 back in 1999 or 2000 (can't exactly remember). Anyway 
that is before I knew about lossless and started doing anything with it.
I believe after I got the show out into the Metallica trading internet
community some artwork was created for it by a guy "fixxxerjs" of
Metallica CDR Bootlegs, Inc. back in the Metshrine days. He called the
boot "Barred Reality". This show was part of Van Halen's "Monsters Of
Rock" summer stadium tour. Metallica actually opened this show because
the City of Foxboro didn't want this show to be played, but the agreed
based on some concessions the promoter of the show agreed to. The fans
had to behave themselves, the show was also limited to a certain length. That
was the reason Kingdom Come didn't play this date. Some of the sets were
shortened here because of the time restriction. Hence Metallica dropped
"Harvester" from the set.

Enjoy and share the music, never pay for this kind of stuff !


Setlist:
--------

Ecstacy Of Gold
Creeping Death
For Whom The Bell Tolls
Kirk Hammett Solo
Welcome Home (Sanatarium)
Seek And Destroy
Master Of Puppets
      <<< I paused the tape here to ensure I was going to be able
      <<< to get all of the performance, if it sounds ugly, sorry :)
Encores:
The 5 98 EP Medley
Last Caress
Fade To Black
	<<< Tape Flip (I did my best here, only clipped begining of next track)
Battery (w/Damage Intro & Outtro)