Metallica

1989-02-17
Jacksonville, FL 
Jacksonville Memorial Coliseum

Setlist:

Disc 1:              

01. Ecstacy of Gold
02. Blackened
03. For Whom the Bell Tolls
04. Welcome Home (Sanitarium)
05. Harvester of Sorrow
06. Eye of the Beholder
07. Jason's solo
08. To Live is to Die jam
09. Master of Puppets

Disc 2:

01. One
02. Seek and Destroy
03. ...And Justice For All
04. Jam
05. Creeping Death
06. Fade to Black
07. Battery
08. Jam
09. Jam
10. Helpless Jam
11. Last Caress / Am I Evil? (cut)

QUALITY: A very nice recording, some minidisc recordings don't sound this good. Crowd noise is to a minimum, though there is some chatter here and there. Sound is slightly distant, but if the taper had been closer it probably would be a distorted recording.  Certainly a nice listen for an early '89 Justice tour show.  Drums, guitar, and vocals come across very well. As with many Justice gigs, Jason is no where in the mix. Did they even plug him in during those early years? It's too bad because I think a lot of Justice recordings suffer from too much high end. Now thinking about it maybe it's not too much high end, as there is no low end to balance the highs. Anyway off on a tangent here, nice job by the taper and as of 2003 this show sis very uncirculated. 

SOURCE: Built in mic > Toshiba Stereo Walkman > Denon HD-M 100 minutes
TIME: 98 minutes

CORRECT SHOW: Yes. During Seek James says "Scannning the Scene.." and then starts to laugh. Jason then says "Jacksonville". You really have to listen for Jason though. In addition this is first gen from the taper. James also says "Thanks Jasonville" after Battery. Probably trying to give Jason a hard time(?). James may have started to say Jasonville during Seek, and couldn't do it without laughing? Who knows....

FLAWS: Recording is incomplete as the taper did not bring a long enough tape to capture thewhole show. A small cut in One for the tape flip, otherwise no other flaws.

BAND PERFORMANCE: The band performance is really tight, although Jason starts to sing the Die chant too early. The band themselves seem to be a lot more loose at this show than other early Justice shows. In fact, if I didn't know the date, I would say that this is a summer show because the crowd interaction is a lot more joking than serious. Which was the case during the summer shows on the Justice tour. Interesting to note that Kirk's solo isn't played, they go from Fade to Black right into Battery. They also throw in a version of Sweet Home Alabama right before Last Caress. The crowd loves it. They also do Run to the Hills jam and Helpless with some lyrics before going into Last Caress.

http://www.geocities.com/SunsetStrip/Hall/5258/2-17-89.htm