Metallica
Cal Expo Center
Sacramento, CA
September 16, 1989

From the collection of koondog a/k/a Rush-Fan

24 bit version

Taper: Karl Lundmark
Gear: Aiwa CM 30a mic > Sony WMD6c
Lineage: TDK SA90 cassettes (1) > Optimus SCT-57 playback deck > Adobe Audition 1.5 (recording to .wav @ 24/96, speed correction, EQ, normalization, splits & fades) > Xrecode II (flac 8)

Mastering notes: Karl obviously had a difficult time at this general admission show.  These were his first shows with the D6, having purchased it for this run of Metallica concerts.  He was being jostled by the crowd frequently, and there were a ton of mic bumps throughout the show.  The soundstage moved around constantly from heads passing in front of the mics and Karl's movements, and there were occasional dropouts in the channels.  The recording was quiet, so there's a degree of hiss.  The third tape side was particularly damaged, including blank spots where the mic was loosened from its plug and cut out many times.  Also, this tape had very little low end.  By EQing the lows back in I made the mic bumps and errors far more noticeable, so all the flaws were either attenuated, EQd or cut out completely.  Patches were taken either from another place in the song or, in cases of larger damage, the show Karl recorded with the same gear two days earlier in Sacramento.

Most of the show was not too bad.  I clipped out or attenuated a bunch of mic bumps, fixed dropouts, evened out the levels where they jumped and fixed some of the wild panning.  It went fairly smoothly until we got to Fade to Black.  The crowd must have gone berzerk during the final guitar solo, because it sounds like Karl got sucked into the mosh pit for a minute.  Most of the latter half of the solo was lost to mic jostling and has been patched from Sacramento.  Also patched was a tapeflip that occurred just as Jason started playing Orion after his solo.  

The second tapeflip happened a split second after the last note of One, and this is where the problems really began.  The encore break and the beginning of Creeping Death were missed, the levels went all crazy, and it sounds like the mic was hidden.  This issue lasted until the end of the second verse of Creeping Death.  I've chosen only to patch the missing start of the song and leave as much of this performance as existed, bad sound or not.

Around the 2nd encore a speed slippage issue that I had noticed appearing occasionally throughout the show really became prominent.  There are little slips in the speed that are so small I can't chase them out which then become a constant wobble by the start of Am I Evil.  It's not that noticeable, but it's there.  There is discussion between Karl and his friend during the last encore break about tapes snapping, so Karl wasn't the only one with deck issues.




01 Intro: The Ecstacy of Gold
02 Blackened
03 For Whom the Bell Tolls
04 Welcome Home (Sanitarium)
05 Harvester of Sorrow
06 The Four Horsemen
07 The Thing that Should Not Be
08 bass solo
09 Master of Puppets
10 Fade to Black
11 Seek and Destroy
12 ...and Justice for All

13 One
14 Creeping Death
15 guitar solo incl. Little Wing
16 Battery

17 The Frayed Ends of Sanity excerpt / Metallinoodles
18 Last Caress
19 Am I Evil?
20 Damage Inc.

21 Blitzkrieg
22 Breadfan