This time I thought I would torrent one of my favorite shows from The Black Album tour. But first a little background info....this was the beginning of my touring days with Metallica where I would be in contact with the band. A few days earlier I was turned on to an aftershow by "Big Mick" Hughes who I was feeding copies of my bootlegs to because at the time Lars had stated that he collected recordings of Metallica gigs...I don't know if he ever listened to them but that is not important. I was backstage at Buckeye Lake! However I didn't know a soul back there so I kept to myself. Thanks to a very anal security I had to take my signing stuff back to the car as they was not allowing taping equipment in (even though Metallica had an "open" taping policy) and crotch my recorder for my way back in. 
 There was a kid there (David Lannig Jr...where are you?) who pitied me as the only thing I had to get signed was a pizza box and offered to take a picture of me with Jason (of course the picture didn't take!) but apparently he had gave Jason some Elvis "swag" and said "If you find anything Elvis or Stevie Ray Vaughan" that he would take it......then I blurted out "I've got some Stevie Ray vaughan!" and he looked at me intensely and said "Oh yeah?" and I told him I taped him 4 times before he died and I mentioned that I was going to be in Milwaukee for Summerfest with my brother, sister & her b/f Joe and I could bring him some tapes. Then he asked me if we had tickets and I said yes but I would need passes and he asked how many and I said 5 as I knew we was staying with Joe's friend Jeff & his sister Tiffany was going. I never thought Jason was serious about doing it but what the Hell? Give it a shot!
 Before the show we went and did the Miller Brewery tour then went to Summerfest and waited & did some more drinking. At some point I thought I would see if I could catch somebody by the Marcus Amphitheater loading gate and bumped into Big Mick again and asked him to pass off the Knoxville SRV gig & the 1988 Dayton Ohio Jimmy Page show from Hara Arena to Jason as I wasnt sure I would see him. He said ok then went in to go to work. It was a waiting game for the band's guest list to come up and they was allready letting people in to claim their spot on the lawn if they didn't have a hard ticket for the pavillion.
 So.....when the guest list came up I nearly shat myself because not only was there aftershow passes there was also 5 tickets (better than the ones we had!) and 5 lawn passes! If I had known better and was morally corrupt I could have sold those lawn passes for a c-note but they was given to me so I wasn't going to rip somebody else off and profit from Jason's generousity. The down side was that I didn't have enough passes for Tiffany's smokin hot friend! 
 The delay kept me for being in the amphitheater in enough time to get all of Metal Church's set but I did get all of Metallica...and it came out great! The icing on the cake was going backstage and having my brother & sister to meet Jason, Kirk & Lars! It wouldn't be the last time but nothing beats the first time!

Enjoy!

Metallica 1992-06-30 "Summerfest" Marcus Amphitheater Milwaukee WI
Sony D-3 Walkman Pro > Realistic Electret Stereo Microphone >
Maxell XLII-S 100 > Sony TC-WR570 > Phillips CDR200 > CDR > FLAC
Taped by Jerry B aka "The Govner"

DO NOT CONVERT TO LOSSY FORMAT!!!!!!!!


Disc 1
Track01 Lars Talks To The Crowd From Backstage
Track02 Ecstacy Of Gold
Track03 Creeping Death
Track04 Harvester Of Sorrow
Track05 Fade To Black
Track06 Sad But True
Track07 Wherever I May Roam
Track08 Of Wolf And Man
Track09 For Whom The Bell Tolls
Track10 The Unforgiven (cut~flip)
Track11 The Unforgiven (cont)
Track12 Shortest Straw

Disc 2
Track01 Jason Newsted Bass Solo
Track02 Kirk Hammet Guitar Solo
Track03 One
Track04 Master Of Puppets
Track05 Seek And Destroy (flip)
Track06 Whiplash
Track07 Enter Sandman
Track08 Nothing Else Matters
Track09 Last Caress
Track10 Am I Evil
Track11 Damage Inc