As I'm waiting for Friday to come before I fly up to Chicago to see Heaven And Hell I decided to kill some time & prepare a few torrents before I leave town! This is the Buckeye Lake stop of the 1992 Summer Shed Tour of the "Wherever I may Roam Tour"..... below is a few comments from an earlier torrent from Milwaukee about how I got the hookup at this show with Metallica.

This time I thought I would torrent one of my favorite shows from The Black Album tour. But first a little background info....this was the beginning of my touring days with Metallica where I would be in contact with the band. A few days earlier I was turned on to an aftershow by "Big Mick" Hughes who I was feeding copies of my bootlegs to because at the time Lars had stated that he collected recordings of Metallica gigs...I don't know if he ever listened to them but that is not important. I was backstage at Buckeye Lake! However I didn't know a soul back there so I kept to myself. Thanks to a very anal security I had to take my signing stuff back to the car as they was not allowing taping equipment in (even though Metallica had an "open" taping policy) and crotch my recorder for my way back in. 
 There was a kid there (David Lannig Jr...where are you?) who pitied me as the only thing I had to get signed was a pizza box and offered to take a picture of me with Jason (of course the picture didn't take!) but apparently he had gave Jason some Elvis "swag" and said "If you find anything Elvis or Stevie Ray Vaughan" that he would take it......then I blurted out "I've got some Stevie Ray vaughan!" and he looked at me intensely and said "Oh yeah?" and I told him I taped him 4 times before he died and I mentioned that I was going to be in Milwaukee for Summerfest with my brother, sister & her b/f Joe and I could bring him some tapes. Then he asked me if we had tickets and I said yes but I would need passes and he asked how many and I said 5 as I knew we was staying with Joe's friend Jeff & his sister Tiffany was going. I never thought Jason was serious about doing it but what the Hell? Give it a shot!

And the rest is history.....

Metallica 1992-06-28 Buckeye Lake Hebron OH
Sony D-3 Walkman Pro > Realistic Electret Stereo Microphone >
Maxell XLII-S 100 > Sony TC-WR570 > Phillips CDR200 > CDR > FLAC
Taped by Jerry B aka "The Govner"

DO NOT CONVERT TO LOSSY FORMAT!!!!!!!!


Disc 1
Track01 Lars Addresses The Audience
Track02 Stage Annoucements
Track03 Ecstacy Of Gold
Track04 Creeping Death
Track05 Harvester Of Sorrow
Track06 Fade To Black
Track07 Sad But True
Track08 Wherever I May Roam
Track09 Of Wolf And Man
Track10 For Whom The Bell Tolls (flip)
Track11 The Unforgiven
Track12 Shortest Straw
Disc 2
Track01 Jason Newsted Bass Solo
Track02 Kirk Hammet Guitar Solo
Track03 One
Track04 Master Of Puppets
Track05 Seek And Destroy (cut, flip)
Track06 Seek And Destroy (con't)
Track07 Whiplash
Track08 Audience
Track09 Nothing Else Matters
Track10 Enter Sandman
Track11 Last Carress
Track12 Am I Evil
Track13 Damage Inc
Track14 Closing Comments From Lars