
Artist - Metallica
Name - Pit Stop in Indy
Media: 2 CDr (2 CDr SHN) 
Catalog: Simple Man Productions SMP-026
Source: Audience VHS Master
Quality: Augghhh......
Date: July 7, 1994
Location: Noblesville, IN

Disk 1:
Intro
Breadfan
Master of Puppets
Wherever I May Roam
Harvester of Sorrow
Welcome Home (Sanitarium)
Drum Solo
The God that Failed
Kill/Ride Medley

Disk 2:
For Whom the Bell Tolls
Diposal Hero
Seek and Destroy
Guitar Solo
Nothing Else Matters
Creeping Death
Fade to Black
Whiplash
Sad but True (cut)

Taper's Notes

  "Low Doe" car load show was the special of the day.  $20.50 for a car load of folks.  It was the third time they'd been to Indy in just two years.  Once with GnR at the Hoosier Dome, once with the Triangle stage and "snake pit" at Market Square Arena.  This time, it was a warm summer night, outside under the stars at Deer Creek Pavilion (now known as Verizon Wireless Amphitheater), in the outskirts of Noblesville, IN (just outside of Indy).  Our group (8 folks) drank too much on the ride up (as usual) and got busted by security using the restroom outside the van.  Although the ticket stub states, "No Cameras," they announced two days previous that they would allow taping and even had a special tapers section set up to patch in to the soundboard, so I know an upgrade exists out there somewhere.....

I took my future wife along with us and she got stuck in the middle of a mosh pit on the way back from the bathroom.  I haven't heard the end of it since!  The crowd was very rowdy that night.  The mood was electric, as we were gearing up for the Independence Day holiday.  There were many 'Alcoholica' fans there that night, and true to form, started acting stupid.  The audience that night started 5 separate bon fires in the lawn (from trash in the trash cans that have since been removed!) and then began throwing sod during the encores.  
  
This was my first time even using a video camera.  This was a very old Panasonic that was nearly as big as the ones you see the local TV news folks using while out on assignment.  It was very heavy and I should have gotten it a day early so that I could have learned how to use it, instead of learning on the fly during the show.  There are many amateur mistakes, such as a few cuts, blurry pictures, too much zooming and just generally moving around too much, but then it is a Metallica concert!

This is a very amateur tape and I never dreamed of having anyone else see it.  We were pretty loud and some nut kept moving around in front of us, getting in the way.  Other than that, it was a very enjoyable concert.  The downer came when the battery ran out.  I missed the last half of Sad But True, plus all the encores, including One, Enter Sandman and So What.  The master video has only been played 10 times; each year on the 4th of July weekend.  This being the 10th anniversary, I am happy to share it with all of you and hope you get a fraction of the enjoyment that we have gotten out of it through the years.  What you are seeing and hearing is the Master VHS (yes, it recorded directly on to the VHS tape) > PC hard drive.  Oh, and very special thanks go to Jeff and Dan for bringing this project to life.  Without them, It would still be sitting in my closet waiting for next year to come out.....

This recording was produced by fans, for fans and is never to be sold. If you like this recording, support the artists and purchase their official releases! As is the Simple Man norm, this show is available on Direct Connect and will be traded freely to all comers.
