Metallica
Blockbuster Pavilion, San Bernardino, CA (USA)
July 24, 1994

lineage: Sonic Studios DSM-6P mics > Sony D6 > Denon 790R > Kenwood A-522 amplifier > Kenwood GE-622 Equalizer > Audacity (boosting/splicing) > wav file > Adobe Audition 5.5 (level boost) > CD Waveditor (track) > flac8
Taper: Steve "ballsdeep" Hagar
Tracker: smores

setlist:
1. -intro- (The Ecstasy Of Gold)
2. Breadfan [Budgie]
3. Master Of Puppets
4. Wherever I May Roam
5. Harvester Of Sorrow
6. Welcome Home (Sanitarium)
7. The God That Failed
8. "Kill Em All"/"Ride The Lightning" Medley
9. For Whom The Bell Tolls
10. Disposable Heroes
11. Seek & Destroy
12. -Kirk Hammett Solo-
13. Nothing Else Matters
14. Creeping Death
15. Fade To Black
16. Whiplash
17. -encore break-
18. Sad But True
19. One
20. Enter Sandman
21. So What [Anti-Nowhere League]

show notes: this was my 3rd of 4 Metallica shows in California on this tour (also did Mountain View, Concord and Dominuguez Hills, but repetitive setlists made me not take the D. Hills gig seriously, taping-wise), and I believe to be the best sounding of the four. I had pretty decent seats (roughly 30th row, Jason's side), and I actually had the balls to stand on my seat the *entire show* (I believe this to be the only time I did so). so there's a little less crowd noise and it's a little more "mic stand" like than normal. I believe Fight and Sepultura were added to the gig as an "all day" festival along with Candlecrotch (box) and Suicidal Tendencies (previously torrented a year ago), but I missed them both so they weren't taped (by me, that is) . ST was given 10 extra minutes compared to the other shows (50+ minutes), so they had a 10 song set vs. 8. then the mighty Metallica came out and just slayed it. still bummed that my tix say "Alice In Chains" and yet Candlecrotch played, but what can you do? oh well, still a pretty solid Metallica set. big thanks to Smores for the upload, and you never know what you may see here on TTD next!!!

---ballsdeep OUT!

This show is another "ballsdeep" master. He was kind enough to give some of his masters to be shared in this forum. If you have old masters or low generation cassettes PLEASE contact me or anyone that is willing to work on them to get them out to the collecting community. Thanks.