Hey Metallifux!
 At the request of Paul aka "Motorcity Sanitarium" I'm post both of the shows that Metallica played at Pine Knob. At the moment I'm still looking for the last part of the first night but I do have the second night ready to post!

 I would also like for everybody who has downloaded any shows from me or Dave_Jr that we have been using a lot of our free time doing things for Paul and his mother Cheryl. It is looking very grim at this moment so we ask that you keep Paul in your thoughts and prayers.

 Paul was also a major collector of Metallica and he has asked me & dave to help him sell it off and give the money to his mother as she would not have a clue of how to dispose of it plus it would also be a major task that me & Dave have decided to take on as a dying friend's "last request". I know there is some major Metallica fans here would might need some of the items to fill holes in their collection so if you should choose to bid on any of Paul's items you can bid in confidence knowing that besides selling his collection as we do it we will also have a "Memorial" website with his collection documented so everybody would know what a "Superfan" he was. Besides in this thread you will also find Paul's "Items for sale" page in the home page link in Dave_Jr Motorcity Sanitarium & my own profiles along with this link
http://search.ebay.com/_W0QQsassZdetroitpaul123QQhtZ-1
Keep in mind that Dave can only ship on the weekend and if he can't get it shipped on Saturaday he will not be able to do it until the following weekend. Other than the shipping fees & what fees Ebay & Paypal charges 100% of the money will go to Cheryl, Paul's mother as the Paypal account is set up to go to her bank account. If you are looking for rare Metallica either bookmark the link or add detroitpaul123 to your "Favorite Seller" tab of your Ebay account. Both me & Dave have got the green light from Lynne to upload Paul's audio & video on Motorcity Sanitarium's account and she has been in "The loop" from Paul's first post about how sick he is and expedited his first torrent and the few he was able to make on his own has brought him a lot of pleasure & personal satifaction. I wanted to ok it with her to post the link but she is on vacation at this moment but if it is problem as some people may see it as "spam" then I will remove the links but I hope that it meets the approval of the administors of The den.

Thank you for your time and kind thoughts over the the last few months.


Jerry

Now.....Enjoy!

 

Metallica 1998-07-11 Pine Knob Music Theatre Clarkston MI
Sony D-3 Walkman Pro > Realistic Electret Stereo Microphone >
Maxell XLII-S 100 > Sony TC-WR570 > Phillips CDR200 > CDR > FLAC
Taped by Jerry B aka "The Govner"

DO NOT CONVERT TO LOSSY FORMAT!!!!!!!!


 

Disc 1
Track01 Ecstasy Of Gold 
Track02 Breadfan 
Track03 Master of Puppets
Track04 Of Wolf And Man 
Track05 The Thing That Should Not Be
Track06 Fuel
Track07 James speaks to the crowd 
Track08 The Memory Remains
Track09 Bleeding Me 
Track10 Jason Newsted Bass Solo
Track11 Nothing Else Matters 
Track12 Devil's Dance 


Disc 2 
Track01 King Nothing 
Track02 Wherever I May Roam 
Track03 One 
Track04 Fight Fire With Fire (flip)
Track05 Audience
Track06 Low Man's Lyric (acoustic) 
Track07 The Four Horsemen (acoustic)
Track08 Last Caress (acoustic)
Track09 Sad But True 
Track10 Enter Sandman 
Track11 Audience
Track12 Creeping Death
Track13 Whiplash
Track14 Audience 

