Master Tapers Concert Series - Volume (207)

Band name: Metallica
Date: April 11, 1999
Venue: Blaisdell Arena
Location: Honolulu, Hawaii, USA 
Tour name: Reload

Media: 2 CDs 
Recording type: Audience 
Taper: Steve "ballsdeep" Hagar 
Recording Equipment: Sonic Studios DSM-6P w/ 3-way lo-cut filter, position unknown (most likely @ 80hz, middle setting) > Sony WM-D6 
Lineage: Denon 790R > Kenwood A-522 amplifier > Kenwood GE-622 Equalizer > DAT out > line in on Tascam DR-2D >WAV>Flashdrive>AUDACITY>WAV (16bit)>TLH>FLAC (8) 
Transfer/Mastering: March 2015
Audio format: FLAC 
Total running time: 131:38
Audio quality: 4+
Artwork: No 

Track listing: 
The Ecstacy Of Gold
Breadfan
Master Of Puppets
Of Wolf And Man
The Thing That Should Not Be
Fuel
The Memory Remains
Bleeding Me
Bass/Guitar Solos
Turn The Page
For Whom The Bell Tolls
King Nothing
Wherever I May Roam
One
Fight Fire With Fire
The Call Of Ktulu
Sad But True
Creeping Death
Nothing Else Matters
Enter Sandman

Band: 
James Hetfield - Vocals, Guitars
Kirk Hammett - Guitars
Jason Newsted - Bass Guitar
Lars Ulrich - Drums

Show Comments:
Metallica/Monster Magnet.

Taper comments: 
MetClub screwed me out of Anchorage club tix for the April 99 Sullivan Arena show (had been a member for 7 years, $40+ a year, 
which was crazy then) This meant that the show in Anchorage was announced....tix went on sale, GA floor, sold out in days.
but MetClub didn't let me know until TEN DAYS after the onsale date. so I whined, cried, pouted, bitched, threatened...I didn't 
want "GA floor", I wanted the best seats, closest to the stage, where I always taped from. you know, the WHY behind the "why do 
you pay money to a fan club each year?" oh well....no Anchorage tix for Steve, yet nearly if not over $300 spent in fan club fees.
then I dropped a hint (this was all done via fax, mind you) that I ***might be*** in Hawaii right before the Anchorage show....
was the floor for that seated, and could they get me tickets for that?

(translation: had to shell out an extra $2K, or I wasn't planning on going to fucking Hawaii, but I got screwed out of Anchorage 
(***), but had some extra cash, so why the fuck not?) they (Metclub) said if I made it to Hawaii, and sent money for a pair each 
night, they'd take care of me.

***(((classic manipulation on balls' part)))

---had my ear to the ground for this one, was in line (first) at midnight, got 10 (the max) front row on Kirk's side or the stage 
2nd section back (back section of 100 level, about 10 off the floor). why? closest to the PA speaker, with the security rail/walkway 
and being raised 6-8 feet up and back from the people in front of me...or, I DID have 10 tix in hand when whining to MetClub about 
their dropping the ball

April 11:

so, after a 350 mile drive to Anchorage one day, and getting on the plane at 8am April 10, we were on our way to the islands of paradise. 
Sheryl Crow was playing the day we arrived, but we bowed out of that to take in the place. Hanuma Bay (sp?), Pearl Harbor, it was a quick 
trip, but we (a friend of mine Joe, his wife Angel, and my girlfriend at the time). the day of the show we rode our mopeds to get the tickets 
from the box office. I was just hoping for good seats when I strode up to the window...gave her my ID and card and whatnot, and she handed 
me an envelope back. I open it in beautiful 80 degree skies, and.....

FRONT row
dead fucking CENTER
the rest after that was just a blur....it was like Metallica in IMAX, the flashpots singed my face every time they went off, the setlist was 
BRUTAL (for '99), they actually played Ktulu in its entirety for the first time in I don't know when. there were maybe 5500 people here for 
this one (the next night was sold out at 8K+); and the one other thing that really sticks out in my mind is the pile of Blaisdell Arena *chairs* 
that were behind us at the end of the show. when I say "pile", I really mean MOUNTAIN, as I crap you not this pile of chairs was 15 feet high 
(or, WAY taller than a basketball rim at 10 feet). have always wanted to hunt online for a photo of this night, the pit behind us must  have 
been out of control. and we got to do it all again the next night!!!

so this show, from me to you Metallica fans, is a belated THANK YOU to MetClub for MAKING IT RIGHT, even if I had to shell out 2K to get my good seats, the entire experience was worth 10 times that amount.
THIS SHOW HAS NEVER BEEN SHARED UNTIL NOW

---balls OUT

Enjoy! 
Brian. 