Linkin Park Live - 2015.07.19 Shenzhen, Guangdong

Show Information





Setlist:
Notes:
01. Papercut
2015 Intro
02. Given Up
Ext. Outro; Censored
03. Points Of Authority
Shortened Intro
04. One Step Closer
Ext. Outro
05. A Line In The Sand
Keyboard Intro
06. From The Inside

07. Runaway
Shortened (Intro/First Verse/Chorus Only); Ext. Outro Transition w/ Wastelands Verse 1
08. Wastelands

09. Castle Of Glass
Experience Version; Wisdom Justice And Love Bridge; The Radiance Outro
10. LOATR/SOTD/Iridescent
Ballad Medley
11. Robot Boy
Shortened (Intro, Synth Bridge, and Ending Instrumental Only)
12. Joe Solo Medley
w/ Wretches And Kings, Victimized Remix, Buy Myself, Cure For The Itch, Session, Plc.4 Mie Hæd
13. New Divide

14. Breaking The Habit

15. Darker Than Blood
Shortened (First Verse/Chorus Acapella)
16. Burn It Down

17. Final Masquerade

18. Remember The Name
Fort Minor song; Shortened (Intro/Chorus/Hybrid Verse/Chorus/Chorus); Censored
19. Welcome
Fort Minor song; Ext. Outro Transition; Censored
20. Numb
Numb/Encore Intro/Outro
21. In The End

22. Faint
Ext. Outro
----------------------------------------------------

23. Waiting For The End
Apaches Intro w/ Until It Breaks Verse 3; Wall Of Noise Outro
24. What I've Done
Ext. Guitar Solo Bridge
25. Bleed It Out
Ext. Intro; Ext. Bridge w/ Sing-a-long; Ext. Ending; Censored

Show Notes:
- Due to the Chinese government's censorship laws, the band was forced to censor 'Given Up', 'Remember The Name', 'Welcome', and 'Bleed It Out'. On 'Given Up', Chester just skipped "fuck". On 'Remember The Name', Mike changed "motherfuckers" to "other fellas". On 'Welcome', Mike just skipped the "fuckers" part of "motherfuckers". On 'Bleed It Out', Mike didn't rap the entire line of "going out of my fucking mind" and let the crowd sing it instead.
- On the transition outro of 'Runaway', Mike rapped verse one of 'Wastelands'. Chester sang the first line of the bridge over the outro transition.
- Chester mixed the up the ending of the 'Final Masquerade' verses. He sang "to what we left behind" at the end of verse 1, and "to something we won't find" at the end of verse 2.
- Mike dedicated 'Welcome' to the Chinese fans who had waited for a very long time to see Linkin Park perform live.
- Mike played guitar on the bridge and ending of 'In The End', a rare move he started doing off-and-on in May 2014.
- 'Crawling' was completely absent from this setlist. It opened the encore at both Mexico City shows for the first two performances of this setlist, and it was listed to open the encore in Nanjing but not played. On this setlist, it was removed entirely, and the setlist name changed to "China (Full)" instead of "US Festival (Full)".
- During the bridge of 'Bleed It Out', Chester conducted a sing-a-long with the crowd.

Other Notes:
- This was Linkin Park's first show in Shenzhen.
- The band had to submit a list of songs to the Chinese communist government to be "pre-approved" for the setlist. Included were all songs played on the world tour for The Hunting Party up to this point, even those not in the current setlist. 42 songs total were listed, including 'A Place For My Head', 'Somewhere I Belong', 'A Light That Never Comes', 'With You' and 'Blackout'. 'Keys To The Kingdom', which has not received its live debut yet, was also on the list.
- There was no LPU Meet & Greet at this show. The Chinese Tour did not have the customary M&Gs, which made it the first tour in LP's band history to not have them since the inception of the LPU. Mercedes Benz (tour sponsor), however, held M&Gs before the shows for their own car buyers, etc to meet the band. Instead, two LPU Meetups events were held in Shenzhen and Shanghai. Despite the band not being confirmed to attend, they showed up and fans were allowed to take a group picture with Linkin Park but not get any autographs. Even at these LPU Meetups events, the Mercedes Benz people went first to meet the band.
- There was no opening band for the China Tour.

Sources:
Source 1: Audio - AUD (Unknown Cellphone)
Location: VIP2, front row, left side in front of speakers
Taper: ExtremeCode
Time: 153:28 mins
Format: FLAC / 652 MB
Comments: Includes about 14 minutes before the show. Taper sings audibly throughout the whole show...not great quality. Obtained from the taper by Vorist and released on LPLive on July 21, 2015.

