Linkin Park
September 11th, 2024
Inglewood, CA
Kia Forum

https://linkinpedia.com/wiki/Live:20240911

Equipment: Schoeps MK4s (DIN Configuration on Rail) + Babynbox + Sony PCM-M10 (Oade Conert Mod) [24/48]
Taper: RyanJ
Lineage: WAV > Audition (Compression on low end, normalize to -0.1db) > Fission (Track) > xACT > FLAC


Setlist:
Act 1 - Inception Set Intro 
Somwhere I Belong
Crawling
Lying From You
Shinoda: Welcome
Points of Authority
New Divide
The Emptiness Machine

Act 2 - Creation Set Intro
The Catalyst
Burn It Down
Waiting For The End
Mike Speaks
Castle of Glass
Joe Solo
When They Come / Remember The Name
Emily / Mike Speak
Lost In The Echo
Given Up
One Step Closer

Act 3 - Collapse Transition
Lost
Breaking The Habit
What I’ve Done

Act 4 - Kintsugi Transition
Leave Out All The Rest
My December
Friendly Fire
Numb
In The End
Faint

Encore Break / Act 5 - Resolution Intro
Papercut
Mike Speaks 2
Keys To The Kingdom
Mike & Emily Speak - Goodnight
Bleed It Out


Notes:
A very exciting day for Linkin Park fans that have waited greater than 2,000 days since the last show. I was able to step away from new dad life and see my two favorite people (Mark and TJ) for this show. Thank you to Mark for hooking us up with a presale code and TJ for grabbing the tickets. TJ and I were front row of the lower bowl and you've probably seen his killer video here: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aaqp32nPje8 - I put my mics just below the rail velcroed to it which made my concert experience much more enjoyable. 

The show was just over two hours. Spanning their whole catalog, the stage visuals were fantastic and cool that half way through the show they swap how the band members are facing. I feel like they aren't trying to replace old LP. They are moving forward, but not forgetting what LP was with Chester. Emily's voice definitely complements the songs and it's great to see them back on stage. 

Overall, it's a decent tape. Was just nice to get out of the house and see my good friend. The plus was getting a tape.

If you have unreleased Nine Inch Nails recordings, please visit me (Ryan) at NINLive.com.
If you have unreleased Rage Against the Machine recordings, please visit TJ at RATM.Live.
If you have unreleased Linkin Park recordings, please visit Mark at LPLive.net.
If you have unreleased Depeche Mode recordings, please visit Matt @ dmlive.wiki 