The Flaming Lips 
Live February 20, 1994

Chicago, IL

WKQX Studios

Sound Opinions


Recording brought to you by Psychiatric Explorations of the Ever Enlarging Brain, 
a Flaming Lips knowledgebase
http://www.psychiatricexplorations.com


01. Show Intro

02. Flaming Lips Intro

03. Interview - Warner Bros.

04. You Have To Be Joking example verse

05. Interview - Hit To Death In The Future Head

06. Chosen One (Smog)

07. Interview - Transmissions From The Satellite Heart, Opel (Syd Barrett)

08. Lucifer Sam (Pink Floyd) - recorded version excerpt

09. Interview - Pink Floyd influence, Pilot Can At The Queer Of God

10. Interview - Guitar Originality

11. Editions Of You (Roxy Music) - recorded version excerpt synthesizer example 

12. Interview - Guitar Originality

13. She Don't Use Jelly

14. Interview - She Don't Use Jelly lyrics

15. I Am The Walrus (The Beatles) - recorded version excerpt

16. Interview - Beatles and Lips comparison

17. Interview - Call-in questions

18. Interview - Call-in questions

19. Shine On Sweet Jesus

20. Flaming Lips Outro


Cassette Tape -> WAV -> FLAC

Taped by Tyler Ley

Transferred by Ryan Mulberger

Thank you to both Tyler and Ryan for preserving this show and circulating it for the Lips 
community!

The Brain is happy to bring you a rarely circulated complete Flaming Lips radio 
show and interview!  This famous appearance on Sound Opinions, the radio show of Chicago 
music critics Jim DeRogatis and Greg Kot, occurred on February 20, 1994, after a two-night 
stand of Lips performances in Chicago, at the Metro and Thurstons.  This recording includes 
extensive interview segments, discussions of the Lips' influences and approach to making 
music, and answers to call-in listener questions.  

The three tracks the Lips played live 
are tracks 6 (Chosen One), 13 (She Don't Use Jelly), and 19 (Shine On Sweet Jesus).

If you 
liked this recording and website and have photos, setlists, scans, articles, recordings or 
anything else that you would like to contribute to psychiatricexplorations.com, contact me 
through the website or via jkuhn9@gmail.com.  Enjoy!

Jumpsuit James
 