The Flaming Lips
Live July 30, 1995
Cleveland, Ohio
Nautica Stage
Alternative Press 10th Anniversary Blow-Out

Recording brought to you by Psychiatric Explorations of the Ever Enlarging Brain, a Flaming Lips knowledgebase
http://www.psychiatricexplorations.com

01. Intro
02. Mountain Side
03. She Don't Use Jelly
04. Moth In The Incubator
05. Oh, My Pregnant Head (Labia In The Sunlight)
06. Bad Days
07. When You Smile
08. Hit Me Like You Did The First Time
09. Waterbug Intro
10. Put The Waterbug In The Policeman's Ear
11. Turn It On
12. Superhumans
13. Unconsciously Screamin'
14. What A Wonderful World
15. Psychiatric Explorations Of The Fetus With Needles

CDR -> FLAC via XLD
Taped and transferred by Jamie Ross

The Brain is happy to bring you a previously uncirculated Flaming Lips show!  About 6 weeks before the album release, this performance was the first of the Clouds Taste Metallic era and included the live debuts of "When You Smile" and "Psychiatric Explorations Of The Fetus With Needles."  This is a great performance, and though the sound quality is average, as it was recorded to a handheld tape recorder, it is very listenable.

We all owe the taper, Jamie Ross, a debt of gratitude for donating it to the Brain to share with the Lips community.  He has never circulated it before.  He writes:

"i believe that was the first time they played both "smile" and "fetus" live. because wayne forgot how fetus went, and he comes in early off of the intro and although smile went off with a hitch, i was speaking with wayne afterwords and he said they were new songs they havent done yet.

after that show, 5 days later, i received a package from wayne that consisted of a silk screen poster he did, a VHS tape of all their videos up to that point with the clouds making of video- and a cassette tape of the new LP- and i know i reciceved this before the actual LP was released.

and lastly- 

i remember at that show Wayne and i were talking about the new album being called "clouds taste metallic"- and this is what he told me,
 
"The reason the LP is called that, is the guys in candle box had a private jet and either took the lips in it, or were just telling them about a time being in the plane and while they were flying, one of the guys thought it would be interesting to open a window and stick his head out through the clouds... (Wayne is telling me this) -so as Wayne's story continues to me-... the guy in candle box sticks his head out of the window and comes back in smacking his lips and everyone said well what did you taste??.. you know ... like pollution? or i don't know, whatever?... and the guy said- "the clouds tasted metallic"...""

If you liked this recording and website and have photos, setlists, scans, articles, recordings or anything else that you would like to contribute to psychiatricexplorations.com, contact me through the website or via jkuhn9@gmail.com.  Enjoy!

Jumpsuit James
 