Flaming Lips
Minneapolis, MN
First Avenue
4 May 1996
(01:06:27)

001 The Abandoned Hospital Ship
002 Unconsciously Screamin'
003 Take Meta Mars
004 Moth In The Incubator
005 Put The Waterbug In The Policeman's Ear
006 Lightning Strikes The Postman
007 Bad Days
008 She Don't Use Jelly
009 Chewin The Apple Of Yer Eye
010 When You Smile
011 Psychiatric Exploration Of The Fetus With Needles
012 Placebo Headwound
013 What A Wonderful World

1st-gen. cassette > Azimuth-optimized transfer to HD via CDWav >
SoundForge processes:
DC offset applied,
left channel decreased -1.25dB,
right channel decreased -0.75dB,
split into tracks.
.flac transfer via Traders Little Helper

about the cassette:
1st-gen. copy of my original master:
slightly EQ'd, channels balanced,
slight editing of glitches from original tape,
fades applied.

Original cassette recorded on Sony D-3 w/ECM mic (poss. 909-A); unfortunately, the deck was plagued with technical issues...
a loose connection in either the mic or the jack caused an intermittant buzz in the left channel, as well as a couple of static-like pops...  so, I transferred the original to a second cassette as best as I could, given the glitches - some of which couldn't be removed, but shouldn't interfere with the music too much.  This could probably stand to be cleaned up and tweaked a bit (the low-end in particular is kind of well, low), but I've opted to share a bare-bones version that's about as close to the original as possible, and folks can play around with it to suit their individual tastes.

Okay, that's all the technical stuff - despite everything, I felt this was a pretty great set, and for the most part, the recording should bear that out just fine.  I was actually working behind a bar on the main floor, just about 45 degrees to the right of the stage, maybe about twenty feet away fromt he right P.A. column.  There was a guard rail at the end of the bar nearest the stage, so since no traffic could pass that way anyway, I just set my D-3 and mic right on top of the bar facing the stage, and draped a scarf partially over the deck, to be less conspicuous.  Seemed almost silly at the time, but it worked out alright, I think.

You can hear the crowd go nuts at the mid-section of the first track, when suddenly the entire stage goes from nearly pitch-black, to being illluminated by what appeared be thousands of strands of christmas tree lights - on the drum kit, the amps, and a backdrop behind the band.  It was actually pretty cool to see, and I wish I had been able to take a few pictures, in hindsight.  A pretty good cross-section of material in this set; covering a few years' worth of albums, and it's still one of my favorites, a little over 13 years later.  Enjoy!

