Flaming Lips
Live at the Wellmont Theater, Montclair, NJ	
April 19, 2010


01-Welcome and Setup
02-Wayne's Warning
03-Band Emerges
04-Space Bubble and Balloons
05-Worm Mountain
06-Silver Trembling Hands
07-The Yeah Yeah Yeah Song
08-The Sparrow Looks Up at the Machine
09-Happy Birthday Gillian
10-In the Morning of the Magicians
11-Watching the Planets
12-I Can Be a Frog
13-Yoshimi Battles the Pink Robots
14-See the Leaves (w/ Giant Laser Hands)
15-Powerless
16-Pompeii Am Gotterdammerung
17-Taps
18-She Don't Use Jelly
19-Convinced of the Hex
20-Brain Damage/Eclipse
21-Do You Realize

Lineage:  General Admission, standing center floor 30 ft from stage, Core-Sound Cardiods to Sony PCM-M10 (48 kHZ, 24 bit), WavePad Sound Editor to chop and FLAC only.

Stardeath and White Dwarf opened.  Also posted. 

I had never seen a Flaming Lips show before, and I don't really know their music well, but I sure had a great time. 

For a band that prides itself on an elaborate stage show, I was surprised at how little they depend on the drama of the opening.  The stage has no curtain, and the band itself comes out along with the roadies to help with the sound and effects check half an hour before the show starts. Wayne non-chalantly waves and smiles as people yell how much they love him, and blasts a couple of confetti cannons and swings away with the streamer whip to make sure . . what? . . that they work?  At the end of this, Wayne warns the audience about the strobes, says he'll back in a minute, and he's off . . . for a minute.

Show starts with the image of a pretty topless girl dancing, projected on the wire mesh back-display under an arch of the most powerful strobes you have ever seen (with eyes fully closed a painfully bright image of the blood vessels in your eyelids is seared onto your retina).  She dances and eventually reclines, legs spread, as the camera zooms in on that cherished source of all mammalian life, which grows to a giant oval, and then in the center of the oval a door in the mesh opens and one at a time the members of the band are, ahem, "born" and walk down a ramp to take up their positions.  As they vamp, Wayne is revealed in a giant plastic . . .  womb? . . . which is rapidly inflated into the space bubble, and in a couple of running steps he's out over the crowd.  It's a good trick.  It looks like fun, and it's about as perfect a metaphor for intimacy in this age of mandatory condom use as pop singer could be expected to devise.  After he's shared himself with us, he's back on stage and replaced with a monsoon of confetti, soap bubbles, and balloons the size of that tumor that woman in Georgia had. I'm going to say there are 200 balloons.  After a while the balloons get to be kind of a drag, as people behind you swat them with more good humored enthusiasm than good sense and whack you in the head over and over.  It takes three or four songs to clear the balloons.  Wayne has an acoustic guitar with a nail duct-taped to the stock, and he pops them when they get back to the stage.  

As the band now launches into the concert proper, a gaggle of costumed college-aged acolytes groove at each side of the stage (are they local? do they travel?), and Wayne Coyne stakes a very solid claim to the title of most charismatic leader of a kooky band/cult/philosophy currently on any tour that hits Montclair, NJ.  He's irresistably likable:  the uncle/shaman/guru we all wish we had.  I sort of feel like we let him down, though. He keeps asking us to step it up as an audience, to give more, to be wilder, more transported.  He wants better for us, and better from us.  Being the audience at FL is a big responsibility:  it's half the gig and we get a C.

During "See the Leaves" Wayne blows smoke all over the stage with a vacuum cleaner thing, and, backlit and silhouetted, puts on giant hands.  It's a striking image, both absurd and a little menacing.  The hands loom, palms forward, swaying gently like gigantic palm fronds:  is he beseeching a savage god? is he going to strangle us? And then from each palm 50 green lasers stab into the smoke.  It struck me how much what a laser means has changed in the last 20 years.  It is a cool effect, but with what is now a very mundane device:  I'd given a presentation using a green laser pointer earlier in the same day.  My first thought was, man, you'd have to go to every Staples in Manhattan to get that many laser pointers.

Stardeath and White Dwarf come out to join FL for the Pink Floyd encore, and it was a nice moment. Songs everybody knows, everybody loves.  Connection acknowledged to the greatest kooky art rock band ever.  And finally, a beautiful song, "Do You Realize?", beautifully framed by a personal story and beautifully performed:  a benediction. And good night.




