The Flaming Lips - Wellmont Theater, Montclair, NJ
October 20, 2022

audience master

Edirol R-09 w/ 2 audio technica mics (1 at-831b & 1 Pro 7a) > wavelab 6 > TLH > make torrent 2 > dime
(SBE corrected)

Just a few notes to start with. First off, you are going to hear this woman yell "Holy shit" like 20 times thoughout the show.
It was as if she was surprised by every song the band played. Even after Wayne actually announced the title of the next song, she
would still yell "holy shit" as if she as surprised that they were playing any FLips song at all. I moved away from her but you 
can still hear her all over my recording. I edited out as many as I could without interfering with any of the music. With that being 
said its still a fantastic sounding recording. Secondly, the reason this took so long for me to share is that one channel had a million
micro dropouts. I got about halfway through the show patching the good channel into the bad channel only to realize that they weren't
actually drop outs entirely. It seems that the volume had just droped and that the audio information was still intact. So, I started over.
This time boosting the volume tobe as seamless as possible. Which took a little over 2 months in realtime. It was extremely painstaking 
to sit down an do it while other shows were happening and needed attention. It's been a busy concert season for me. Unfortunately 
that channel is not perfect but, with that being said, it's still a fantastic recording. In my opinion but you can judge by the samples. 
As always there are samples. Thirdly, I didn't wnat to just make a mono recording of the good channel because the wavs separately really
are so different from each other, you would have lost too much quality. Otherwise what a fantastic set. It is what it is. 
Enjoy and happy new years from madelf.

SETLIST
01-  Wayne's intro...
02-Sagittarius Silver Announcement
03-Silver Trembling Hands
04-  Wayne's banter...
05-Do You Realize?
06-  Wayne's banter...
07-Enthusiasm For Life Defeats Existential Fear
08-How?
09-Yoshimmi Battles The Pink Robots Pt 1
10-  Wayne banter...
11-Borderline (Madonna)
12-  Wayne's banter...
13-At The Movies On Quaaludes
14-Assassins Of Youth
15-  Wayne banter...
16-Watin' For A Superman
17-Always There, In Our Hearts
18-Will You Return/When You Come Down
19-  Wayne's banter...
20-Love Yer Brain
21-  Wayne's banter...
22-Ego Tripping At The Gates Of Hell
23-She Don't Use Jelly
24-Moth In The Incubator
25-encore break-
26-  Wayne's banter...
27-My Cosmic Autumn Rebellion
28-Worm Mountain
29-  Wayne's banter...
30-All We Have Is Now
31-Race For The Prize

I only separated out Wayne's talking when it was longer than one minute in length.

Please DO NOT SELL or redistribute in lossy formats (that's means mp3).
