Imagene Peise- Atlas Eets Christmas
2007, 12-15

Lineage: silver CD > EAC > WAV > FLAC


Track List:
--------
01. Winter Wonderland 3:45
02. Silver Bells 2:41
03. Christmas Laughing Waltz (Jingle Bells) 4:29
04. Silent Night 3:18
05. Do You Hear What I Hear? (feat. Binson Echorec) 4:01
06. Have Yourself A Merry Little Christmas 3:00
07. White Christmas (Binson Echorec Sleigh Ride) 3:17
08. Altas Eets Christmas 3:13

Update!!!
visit one of the following websites, as more recordings 
seem to be found by Steven every December.
http://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL9EDB0DAE204D6188
http://www.myspace.com/imagenepeise

Shit check these out too
http://newsok.com/article/3459667
https://vimeo.com/15157609
https://vimeo.com/15154352

Release Notes:
--------
In a world full of mysterious and timely entities, no one could 
be more exotic or more relevant. Imagene Peise is believed to have 
lived for a short time in Tikrit, Iraq. Her exact birthday is 
unknown. She is rumored to be just 18 at the time of this recording.
Her extraordinary talent as a master jazz pianist at such a young 
age should, alone, put her in the realm of the stellar.

Available here for the first time Ms. Peise's Atlas Eets Christmas 
is a strange and beautiful experience. Little is known of her 
musical and recording life. Most of what is known is shrouded in 
clouds of legend and smoke of myth. But what is clear is her 
expressive playing and her unique arrangements.

The Atlas Eets Christmas collection is said to be a rehearsal for 
a doomed or poorly recorded session. But what an inspired 
“doomed” session it turned out to be. The forgotten facts of the 
trio that accompanies her will perhaps be invisible to us forever. 
But, as we hear, Imagene is not the only musical star shining 
through. Ominog Bangh the synthesizer virtuoso (playing the 
outmoted The Laughing/Crying Glider Synthesizer) and Indian 
classical musician Shineyu Bhupal are obvious, added other-worldly 
treats.

Atlas Eets Christmas stands as a missed opportunity. It's uncanny 
coincidence of a Middle Eastern talent embracing such American 
themes (jazz piano, Silver Bells and Winter Wonderland) as we know 
now, are glimpses of a future that was never to be. With her 
powerful message of kindness and peace we can only imagine if 
Ms. Peise had become an international star her influence could 
have, in some other space and time, prevented the current 
apocalyptic environment.

We can not know if her story is truly triumphant or sad. She is 
rumored to have committed suicide in 1978. But if she really is 
gone from this world in the physical sense then she is gloriously 
hovering above us in the metaphysical dimension as a source of 
sublime pleasure and reassurance anytime we need her. By playing 
this CD she is reanimated and we are once again comforted by her 
loving vision.


