Switchfoot
Tuesday, October 8, 2013
Wilbur Theatre
Boston, Massachusetts, USA

Fading West Tour 2013

A SolitaryPine Production [SP046]


Taper &    
Mastering:      SolitaryPine
Location:       Audience Balcony, Center "Sweet Spot"
Source:         Church Audio CA-14 cards -> CA-9000 BB -> R-09 (16 bit/44 KHz)
Conversion:     Master WAVs ~> PC ~> Amp/Tracking -> FLAC Level 8 -> You
Editing:        Adobe Soundbooth [Fades, Amplification & Audio Signatures]
Tracking:       CDWAV & MP3Tag for tagging FLAC files with title info
Checksums:      Traders Little Helper (MD5, FFP, and SBE verification) 


Set List:

  1 - The Sound (John M. Perkins' Blues) (with sound system feedback/static)
  2 - Hello Hurricane (Fully Unplugged; campfire vibe)
  3 - Dare You to Move (Fully unplugged; campfire vibe)
  4 - Love Alone is Worth The Fight
  5 - Twitter Q&A Session
  6 - The Shadow Proves The Sunshine
  7 - Who We Are
  8 - Dark Horses
  9 - Ba55
  10 - Meant to Live

  Encore:
  11 - Needle And Haystack Life (Acoustic to Electric)
  12 - Where I Belong

The Band:
  Jon Foreman - Guitar, Lead Vocals
  Tim Foreman - Bass Guitar
  Chad Butler - Drums, Percussion
  Drew Shirley - Guitar
  Jerome Fontamillas - Guitar, Keyboards (was not present, 
                                          Jiro was filling in for him)

Crew:
  Ryan - Sound system ressurection dude
  (many others who should be on this list and thanked!)

Website:
  http://www.switchfoot.com


Taper Notes:

Truly a magical night.
One of my personal best audio captures as well!
I was in a "sweet spot" for taping. I hope you enjoy it.
The previous two times I taped them ended in equipment train wrecks. They say
the third time is the charm, and this proves it.

The evening started with the screening of the Fading West movie (there was no
opening act). Simply said - it was a very well done documentary/rockumentary
of the band with life's ups and downs while surfing in various places around
the world. A must see for any fan!

After the movie, they indulged us with some music. Despite the PA system
having some major feedback/static issues for "The Sound", the boys overcame
that by doing a couple of fully unplugged songs. This is quite quiet on the
recording, and I did not attempt to amplify it any more. The acoustic songs got
really good audience participation. The PA actually lost all power and needed
to be reset, which eventually got fixed.

The selist was awesome, and the boys were definitely ON tonight. They were
obviosuly glad to be back in their former stomping ground of Boston. Jon gave
periodic updates on how the Red Soz were doing.

The twitter Q&A session was interesting. The boys answered some questions from
the audience via twitter. It made for some humerous discussion. Jar Jar Binks!

Jon later "borrowed" a Red Sox hat from an audience fan while he was out
amoungst the crowd (walking on the table tops during Meant to Live), and
thankfully, his karma continued to flow as a few hours later, the Boston Red
Sox clinched the ALDS! YES! One step closer to the Commissioner's Trophy!!!

I want to thank the band for making an appearance here in Boston for this tour,
and for continuing to insire those of us with their music. I'm sure I speak for
all fans when I say that I look forward to many more visits in the future.

Switchfoot will next appear in New England in August 2014 at SoulFest.
See you there!

Remain Boston Strong!

~~~~~~

NEVER FOR SALE - FREE TRADE WITHIN THE FAN BASE ONLY!
Please do not trade or share in MP3 or other lossy formats.
Use the lossess original when making shared copies.
Thanks to those all who pay it forward and share it back. 
As always, please support Switchfoot by purchasing their music, merch, and
seeing them live.

As a taper, I'd appreciate knowing in advance if:
 - you intend to use this recording for any other project 
 - you share this on any other tracker or other internet source

If you have any HD video of this show, even if it's only one song, I'd like
to put together a compilation video release along side this audio. Please
contact me if your interested in contributing to such a video project.

~~~~~~
Upped by SolitaryPine - October 2013
Release Date 10/10/2013