FANS COME FIRST FOR GUSTER
By MICHAEL LELLO mlello@leader.net
Friday, April 12, 2002     Page: 12A

    Brian Rosenworcel and his Guster bandmates have finally finished recording their long-awaited fourth album. They're in a van to New Hampshire, ready to rehearse for a college tour that includes a Sunday stop in Scranton.
    Life, seemingly, is good for the Boston boys.
    But Rosenworcel is uneasy.
    ``I'm really apprehensive about the reception to the new album,'' Rosenworcel says via cell phone. ``I was reading some stuff that Neil Young said the other day. His fans always want him to play his old stuff, and they don't like his new direction. He said they don't realize they're keeping him from being an artist when they're being like that. I think our fans have open minds, and I've certainly been warning them.''
    Guster, which has built a grass-roots following behind constant touring, shaking up its set lists and cultivating a tight fan relationship, tried to replicate its concert sound on previous studio records. Not this time, Rosenworcel says. From the opening strains of the first track, the listener is greeted with piano, bass guitar and a drum set, three sounds foreign in the Guster recorded canon.
    What Guster has in its favor is a rare lineup: Rosenworcel on percussion and Adam Gardner and Ryan Miller each on guitar and vocals. But behind that quirky instrumentation - no bass or traditional drum kit - lies the simple key to Guster's success: good, catchy songs played well.
    In today's musical climate of Creed clones and Britney wannabes, many might find the Guster story refreshing.

    The trio met at Tufts University in Boston and jammed in their dorm rooms. They busked - as performing for donations is called - on Harvard Square, moved on to fraternity parties and clubs and released their debut album, ``Parachutes,'' during their junior year in 1994. The independent record sold more than 35,000 units, and the group built up steam behind subsequent albums ``Goldfly'' and 1999's major-label debut, ``Lost and Gone Forever,'' produced by Steve Lillywhite (U2, Dave Matthews Band, Phish).
    Along the way, the group landed some coveted opening slots with everyone from Bob Dylan to Ben Folds Five to Barenaked Ladies, played the late-night TV circuit and earned a spot at Woodstock '99.
    ``I think we're pretty careful about who we play with,'' Rosenworcel says. ``The Barenaked Ladies tours were because they're good friends and we have a lot of fans in their fan base. Bob Dylan, you don't really have to explain. I think a lot of times we do opening tours when we need a break from headlining. I get really worn out from playing long sets. And when you go back to headlining, we have more fans.''
    There's that word again, ``fans.'' Guster doesn't take its audience lightly. When the trio couldn't get its albums into stores, it recruited ``Guster Reps.'' The band would mail the reps packages of CDs on the honor system with the reps' promise to sell the CDs and send the band the money. The band then put the reps on its guest lists at local shows. The group also allows fans to tape and trade its concerts and even brought contest winners into the studio to whistle on an album track.
    ``Sometimes we'll hear comparisons to bands like Phish, and musically it makes no sense,'' he says. ``Those guys can play their instruments. I think the similarities are more in the allegiances of our fan bases. In some ways for instance, doing in-house ticketing, we like to model certain things after bands that have had success with it.''
    Even during a short interview, you can tell Guster's nice-guy demeanor is no act. Even when plugging Sunday's local show, Rosenworcel is humble and injects some of that self-deprecating humor that has endeared him and his bandmates to their growing audience.
    ``It's just kind of pop music,'' he says. ``We try to be as creative as we can in getting songs across. We used to have a pretty strange instrumentation, and now we're changing that up. But the songwriting is still pretty signature, and hopefully that will come through.
    ``We've got one week to get our (crap) together before that show, so please forgive us.''
    Michael Lello, a Times Leader staff writer, can be reached at 829-7254.

    IF YOU GO
    WHAT: Guster, with opening act Chauncey, presented by Marywood University
    WHERE: Lackawanna Fitness and Wellness Center (former Scranton CYC)
    WHEN: Doors open 6 p.m., showtime 7 p.m. Sunday.
    TICKETS: $12 Marywood students, $17 general public. All tickets are general admission and can be purchased by calling the Marywood Center for Student Activities and Leadership Development at 340-6016. Tickets also can be purchased the day of the show at the will-call booth at the front of the venue.
    INFORMATION: 340-6016

http://archives.timesleader.com/2002/2002_06/2002_04_12_FANS_COME_FIRST_FOR_GUSTER.html
