Guster rocks the fieldhouse

BY AMBER KROSEL

Acoustic-pop threesome Guster kept the crowd on their feet and singing along at the
concert Sunday night in the Robertson Memorial Field House. The concert, which also
featured opening acts Carbon Leaf and The Zambonis, sold more than 1,300 tickets of
2,800 available. More than 600 audience members were Bradley students. The other 
half included people from all over the country, said Director of Student Activities
Michelle Whited.

The Zambonis opened the concert with a unique sound and look, playing a half-hour 
set decked out in hockey gear and featured an appearance of the Hockey Monkey. Not 
surprisingly, the band performed songs about hockey. Freshman biology major Autumn 
Huett said she thought The Zambonis had a different type of sound.

“I don’t know if they were really my style,” Huett said. “They were all right, just
 really quirky.”

Huett said she enjoyed the show more as Carbon Leaf, another jam band, took the 
stage after The Zambonis. Even though it was her first exposure to Carbon Leaf, she
bought one of their CDs after the show.

“They have the same kind of sound as Guster,” Huett said. “I liked them.” After 
Carbon Leaf played an hour set and recruited many new fans, they encouraged the 
audience to come out into the lobby and meet the band while waiting for the main 
show.

Then it was time for the performance everyone was waiting for – Guster. Fans stood 
on top of their seats just to get a prime view of the band, while many crowded the 
stage to take a sneak peek at the set list. When Guster took the stage, everyone 
clapped and cheered, not daring to sit during any part of the performance.

Along with playing familiar songs for an audience sing-along, Guster also surprised
them with three new songs. They showed off their skills by incorporating many 
different instruments, including a harmonica, banjo, synthesizer and bongo drums.

Huett said she was happy to see Guster in concert for the second time. “They 
sounded great,” Huett said. “I’m glad to hear some of their new music.”

Senior education and social studies major Enrique Gonzalez said Guster was one of
the best shows he had attended.

Hillary Fogel, a sophomore radio/TV major, said she agreed. “The drummer was 
awesome,” Fogel said, about one of her favorite parts of the show.

Brian Rosenworcel, dominating Guster’s percussion, played the bongos and drum set 
at the same time, slapping the cymbals and tapping the snare with his bare hands 
for an entire two-hour set.

“The drummer was amazing,” said sophomore industrial engineering major Jeff Mugford. 
“He was pure energy.”

Mugford said although he had only heard a few Guster songs before the concert, he is
more interested in the band after seeing how they perform. “They sound great live, 
much better than on CD,” Mugford said. “They were something you could sit back and 
listen to, but still have fun.”

Seven hundred fewer people attended the Guster concert than the 2,000 who attended 
the fall Black Eyed Peas concert, both sponsored by the Activities Council. Even 
though numbers were down, Whited said the spring concert was still successful.

“The size doesn’t matter, it’s the experience,” Whited said. Students screaming for
the bands and sporting “Guster is for lovers” T-shirts and bumper stickers after 
the show were just a few that seemed to have an unforgettable experience.

Bill Tasch, a sophomore political science major who didn’t bring home any Guster 
souvenirs, said the band is one of his top-five favorites.

“I’m glad that Bradley was able to provide a diverse set of performers this year,” 
Tasch said. “They were able to please a lot of different music fans.”


http://buscout.com/ver5/newsarticle.php?ID=682&date=2005-04-29

http://www.guster.com/dcforum/DCForumID2/417.html