Social Distortion
The Galaxy Rollerrink
December 23, 1982
Either [SBD] or on-stage mike


This is the most well-recorded, early period Social Distortion show that I've ever found. I was at this show in 1982, and I've always dug this recording because it does a such great job of capturing the feeling of the evening and the era.  It's also one of the few shows I've found that was recorded at the Galaxy Rollerrink in Fullerton, during it's short career as a live music venue. On this evening, the Circle Jerks were the headliners, supported by Social Distortion, Sin 34 and the Panty Shields.  Admission was a whopping seven bucks.

By the time of this show, the Fullerton police had become painfully aware of the punk shows at the Galaxy, and were regularly prowling the Galaxy parking lot, making arrests and doing their level best to shut the place down.  Not too long after this show, the Galaxy closed permanently after the cops raided a Black Flag show (before it even really got started.)

I downloaded this from dime in 2007.  I'd like to credit the original uploader here, but unfortunately, in those days I didn't always keep track of who had upped each torrent, so I apologize for not giving credit where credit is due.

Originally, the tracks in the torrent were listed in the wrong order; segues between tracks were abrupt, and between song banter introduced the wrong songs.  So based on between song noise, other set lists from this era and my own recollections, I've reordered the tracks in the order that seemed most logical.

In it's original form, each track also included a two to four second gap at the end.   I've trimmed those gaps off so each track runs smoothly into the next.  The only exception is the transition between "1945" and "Playpen."  It sounds like there was either a tape flip here or a track is missing.

Known Linneage (Who knows what happened before I got my hands on it)

FLAC > WAV > Audacity (for track trimming) > WAV > FLAC

01 Mommys Little Monster
02 Telling Them
03 Another State of Mind
04 It Wasnt a Pretty Picture
05 Lude Boy
06 Hour of Darkness
07 Under My Thumb
08 1945
09 Playpen
10 Moral Threat > (Keith Morris encore call)
11 All the Answers



