Lynyrd Skynyrd
Ronnie Van Zant: vocals
Gary Rossington: guitar
Allen Collins: guitar
Ed King: guitar
Billy Powell: keyboards
Leon Wilkeson: bass
Artimus Pyle: drums

the Mosque
Richmond, Va. U.S.A.
February 7, 1975 
promoting their 3rd album "nuthin' fancy"
previously uncirculated show and master tape
ML Archive via JEMS
runtime: 60:34 (minutes/ seconds)

   setlist:
1: whiskey rock and roller 4:24
2: I ain't the one 3:49
3: the needle and the spoon 4:36
4: Saturday night special 5:32
5: I'm a country boy 4:45
6: gimme three steps 5:42
7: on the hunt 6:11
8: call me the breeze 6:35
9: sweet home Alabama 4:58
10: encore break 1:26 (tape flip during applause, spliced)
11: free bird 12:33

Source: unknown microphone (mono) > unknown recorder

JEMS 2015 Transfer: master Maxell LN 120 cassettes > 
  Nakamichi CR-7A (azimuth adjustment) > Sound Devices USBPre 2 >  
  Audacity 2.0 (24/96) capture > iZotope RX4 > iZotope Ozone 5 > 
  iZotope RX MBIT+ resample 16/44.1 (wav) > (tracking) > 
  flac (sb's aligned) > torrentially yours.
  do not sell this recording.
  share freely, losslessly and gaplessly.

After releasing a pair of fine Springsteen shows from the ML Archive, 
ML was kind enough to lend us the master tapes to this previously uncirculated 
Lynyrd Skynyrd show from the Mosque in Richmond, VA, February 7, 1975.
The show was recorded on two 120-minute tapes with an unknown mono mic 
and tape deck. While only running a touch over an hour, it would appear 
the taper captured the full set based on other recordings from the tour, 
though he had enough tape for a four-hour performance. The capture itself 
pretty good for the era, clear if a bit low-fi, though when it locks in it 
is quite listenable. The crowd is certainly present, but they tend to limit 
their contributions to where you want them, between songs, not during them. 
Samples provided.

I can’t say that I’ve spent a lot of time with vintage Lynyrd Skynyrd performances, 
but the band is certainly in fine form here. It’s fun to hear a classic like 
“Saturday Night Special” performed before the album it's from was even released. 
And even by early 1975, “Free Bird” was already THE song. 
The 12-minute version here is epic and clearly the one they paid their money for. 

Thanks to ML for lending JEMS the master tapes, complete with the ticket stubs 
from the show that verify the venue for the first time. 
Also, thanks to glasnostrd19 for post-production and posting support 
which gets the shows out faster. 

BK for JEMS

 not a high fidelity recording, but a very listenable capture
presented here from a mastertape, and seems to be the full show
the band's style here seems to fit the album title, they don't do 
much of anything fancy, and play what they are probably best known for, 
good straight ahead rock and roll music.
nice raw early performance of a few songs, fresh and inspired 
throughout, and a seamless recording. not too much crowd noise
although a certain few really wanted to hear "Sweet Home Alabama"
(one of their 1st big hits) and of course, the ban's anthem since
the beginning, "free bird". their wishes were not neglected in this show.
the only interruption in the recording was during encore applause
after "Sweet Home Alabama", so sounds like all the music from this show
is complete in here, since it wasn't unusual for them to open with whiskey.
Bonnie Bramlett also played at this show, not certain who headlined.
it is possible that one other band also played at this concert,
which was very much the normal procedure for USA concerts at this time,
and REO speedwagon and Bonnie Bramlett both opened a Clemson, S.C. show 
the following night, with Lynyrd Skynyrd headlining.
glasnostrd19 for JEMS