If you or anyone else you know has ever taped the Foo Fighters please contact me or one of the other guys at: www.foofighterslive.com

Foo Fighters
15 June, 1996
Golden Gate Park (Tibetan Freedom Concert)
San Francisco, CA


SETLIST 
---------------
1. This is a Call 
2. For All the Cows
3. Wattershed
4. Big Me
5. I'll Stick Around
6. Alone + Easy Target
7. Exhausted


GENERATION INFO (PRO#1c)
------------------------
DVB-S (satellite tv broadcast) ->DAT(1)[44.1khz] -> DAT(2) -> WAV [44.1khz] -> FLAC [Level8]

TRANSFER:
---------------
DAT(2)[44.1khz]->DA20mkII->LynxONE->Audition->Flac Frontend->CDWAVE->Trader's Little Helper


NOTES
---------------
This is the audio from the satellite broadcast of the Tibetan Freedom Concert back in 1996. The taper caught the broadcast
via video and the audio on DAT. WAY clearer than the audio on any of the VHS copies that are circulating. Nice short and sweet
set here from the first record. Wish I could have been at either the 1996 or 1997 Tibetan Freedom Concerts. Foos played both
but there were a lot of other great bands that played as well. This will become PRO#1c since the audio is superior to any of
the VHS copies out there right now.  

If anyone has a VHS(1) copy of this that they taped off of television PLEASE contact me. Believe it or not the lowest generation
that's been found of this 1996 broadcast is pretty generated. If anyone wants to send me their tape to transfer or the transfer
itself I would be more than happy to put it with this lossless audio to make one superior dvd for the community. Hit me up if
you are interested. I would love to get something better out there. 

No thanks go to me on this one. An old Foo Fighters DAT trader wanted this shared along with a bunch of DAT upgrades to
help out the Foo community. Thanks also need to go to Mike Zeigler for transferring this. All I did was track this 
so I could put it up for download. This is one of many new sources/upgrades that will be torrented in the next few weeks. 
Enjoy guys! 

Uploaded by:Brad Collins (Foofanatic)

Special Thanks to Mike Zeigler for doing the transfer.

DO NOT ENCODE INTO LOSSY FORMATS OR SELL EVER!!!!!!

If you or anyone else you know has ever taped the Foo Fighters please contact me or one of the other guys at: www.foofighterslive.com

If you have any low generation Foo Fighters media and you think they might be needed or don't know, please contact me. 


