FOO FIGHTERS
05 December, 1997
Transmusicales De Rennes
Rennes, France

SETLIST (SBD#1)
---------------
1. Monkey Wrench
2. Hey, Johnny Park!
3. Alone + Easy Target
4. Doll
5. My Poor Brain 
6. Enough Space
7. Everlong
8. New way Home
9. I'll Stick Around

GENERATION
----------------
FM -> ANA(1) -> WAV [44.1khz] -> FLAC [Level 8]

TRANSFER
---------------
Nakamichi DR-3 -> Monster RCA Cable -> INPort -> Adobe Audition 2.0 -> CD Wave -> FLAC Frontend 1.7.1

NOTES
---------------
Good sounding SBD recording from the late 1997 european run of TCATS tour. What was broadcast is pretty short and is missing
a few songs that were played during the show. At the end of the set Dave says that Insane Clown Posse is up next so I'm 
assuming there were a bunch of bands that played that night. Don't know if this was a festival or what. This tape was sent to
me by a friend that recorded the broadcast when it was on. Big thanks go to him for recording this and lending it to me to
transfer for the community. There is some radio static in the recording from the signal not being 100% clear but having an
FM->ANA(1) of this is a good upgrade to what we currently have. If anyone has a static free copy of this please let me know 
as I would love an FM->ANA(1) of this with no static. It's only noticeable in the quiet parts of the recording though so it
doesn't retract too much from the overall quality of this set. There is an AUD recording of this that I have an MD->ANA(1)
which I should be able to transfer and put up soon. I haven't been able to find the taper of that MD recording though
through any of my normal searching so if you are reading this, please hit me up! Enjoy!

Transferred by: Brad Collins(Foofanatic)

Special thanks to JTL for recording this and sending it to me to transfer. 

DO NOT ENCODE INTO LOSSY FORMATS OR SELL EVER!!!

If you or anyone you know ever taped the Foo Fighters please contact me or one of the other guys at: www.foofighterslive.com