If you or anyone else you know has ever taped the Foo Fighters please contact me or one of the other guys at: www.foofighterslive.com

Foo Fighters
20 July, 1997
La Luna
Portland, OR

Taped by: ????????

SETLIST 
---------------
1. Wind Up
2. Wattershed
3. Hey, Johnny Park!
4. Monkey Wrench
5. Alone + Easy Target
6. Doll
7. See You
8. My Poor Brain
9. For All the Cows
10.Enough Space
11.Up In Arms
12.Weenie Beenie
13.February Stars
14.Everlong
15.New Way Home
16.This is a Call
17.Drive Me Wild (jam)
18.Purple Rain (jam)
19.Big Me
20.I'll Stick Around


GEAR INFO
----------
Core Sound Binaural -> Sony TCD-D7


GENERATION INFO (AUD#1)
------------------------
DAT(M)[48khz] -> DAT(1) -> WAV[48khz] -> WAV [44.1khz] -> FLAC [Level8]

TRANSFER:
---------------
DAT(1)[48khz]->DA20mkII->LynxONE->Audition->Flac Frontend->Audition 3 (Downsample from 48khz to 44.1khz)->CDWAVE->Trader's Little Helper


NOTES
---------------
This is one of my favorites from the summer 1997 leg of the tour supporting The Colour and the Shape. The band seems to be 
having a really fun night at this particular show. Right before they play New Way Home Dave talks about how he just realized
that day that the song sounded like a Mission of Burma ripoff. I don't normally ever mark jams of any kind or give them a 
seperate track either but the band played quite a bit of each of the cover songs here so I did on this show. This is the only
time they ever jammed on the cover of Drive Me Wild by Vanity 6 they did for their BBC Evening Session back in April 1997. The
other cover jam they did was Purple Rain by Prince. The other time they jammed the Prince song Pat sang but Dave actually sings
on this one which makes it even more interesting. When they start Big Me Dave points out that the chord progression is the same
as Purple Rain and says he hopes that doesn't get him into trouble. Overall though this is a great show and I'm happy to have
a DAT upgrade of this finally so I can ditch my old ANA cassette I have lying around somewhere. 

No thanks go to me on this one either. An old Foo Fighters DAT trader wanted this shared along with a bunch of DAT upgrades to
help out the Foo community. Thanks also need to go to Mike Zeigler for transferring this. All I did was downsample and track this 
so I could put it up for download. This is one of many new sources/upgrades that will be torrented in the next few weeks. 
Enjoy guys! If you taped this show please let me know so I can give you proper credit for your hard work.

Uploaded by:Brad Collins (Foofanatic)

Special Thanks to Mike Zeigler for doing the transfer.

DO NOT ENCODE INTO LOSSY FORMATS OR SELL EVER!!!!!!

If you or anyone else you know has ever taped the Foo Fighters please contact me or one of the other guys at: www.foofighterslive.com

If you have any low generation Foo Fighters media and you think they might be needed or don't know, please contact me. 


