<< as posted by 'pissbottlefoo' on June 11, 2008 >>
<< http://bbs.foofighters.com/showthread.php?t=119672 >>


 Foo Live - July 12, 1997 - The Garage, Cincinnati - Live From The Pit



Prior to this show, the local "alternative rock station" (107.1 FM) said that The Garage gig was being recorded for Live At The Pit, which would have been then the second "Foo appearance" on The Pit.

When I bought my tickets and heard that, I thought it was going to be an extra long show, similar to the one The Foo did for Toronto the year before where it was recorded for "The Pit". The Foo, on the Toronto show, played damn near everything from the first album, along with including "Butterflies" and "Enough Space" and "Down In The Park". Yes, even "Podunk" was in the 1996 Pit show.

If that were going to be the case for The Garage show, then there would probably be more extra songs played from The Colour & The Shape, along with some B-sides. Maybe "Requiem" or "Colour & Shape" or something else. "Baker Street" wasn't out yet, so I didn't even think of that one.

None of that happened. Here's why.

It was probably one of the hottest days of the year. Anyone who's familiar with Midwest or Cincinnati weather knows that July is one serious sauna where no matter how much you shower, you'll be gritty within 15 minutes from the air alone; no strenuous activity necessary.

Me and some buddies get down to The Garage, downtown Cincinnati, where The Foo are playing. The opening band is Supergrass.

While waiting outside, I start yammering with some buddies about how I'm not in any mood for these teenage moshing pricks.

A teenager hears me and turns around and goes, "What's your problem with it?"

"Because I came here to see a great band play. I can bash into my buddies in my own fucking living room for free. Go see Hanson or some other talentless band; don't come here and fuck up everyone else's good time"

A few minutes later, the tour bus pulls up to the side of the gig near the waiting line. Taylor Hawkins pops out and heads into the place with a quickness; mostly due to girls yelling, "TAYLOR! TAYLOR!" and heading his way with "Colour" CD covers, Sharpies and disposable cameras in their hands.

Finally, the venue starts letting people in. By the time we get in there, it's worse than a sauna - it's totally suffocating. No air conditioning, no nothing was turned on. We could barely breathe just from being in the place and that was before we ever got to the audience floor.

Everyone starts gathering around the front of the stage and the vibe is simply put - downright ugly. Already a couple fights have broken out and, just like Bogarts, the venue's help was useless. Obviously, the heat was getting to everybody.

The soundcheck for Supergrass took forever and a day. The roadies couldn't get the stuff to sound right for shit. More bullshit from the asshole crowd too. Another fight, more venue employees with their thumbs up their asses. This definetly wasn't going to be good. If the audience was this bad without music, no telling how they're going to get when The Foo take the stage.

Supergrass finally comes out and they did a pretty good job. Kind of rough and melodic; definitely of the Foo Fighters school of hard rock and melody.

Supergrass finally finishes up, breaks it all down and Foo's roadies set up Foo's equipment. Again, more bullshit from the crowd. Roadies couldn't get Foo's gear to sound right, trouble with Taylor's drum kit - everything was seeming to go wrong. Took well over an hour for the Foo gear ready to be used for the main course.

Lights go down and Foo take the stage with a quickness, starting off with "Wind Up". Crowd finally breaks loose. None of us can stand where we are, people slamming into each other. More girls' clothes ripped off; one girl gets pulled out of the crowd to the front with the bouncers, unconcious and bleeding quite heavily from the mouth. A few guys get trampled; more bouncers trying to head into the crowd, but the audience won't let up.

Here comes Mr. Bottled Water Salesman along the right side of the venue's wall, selling bottled water for three fucking bucks for ten ounces of Evian. C**ksucker.

Needless to say, about a hundred people or more damn near rushed the water bottle guy and someone yells "THREE BUCKS?" and the people knock his ass over and start taking bottles of water. Now THAT I enjoyed watching. Bastard deserved it for charging three bucks for maybe four gulps of water, at best.

The sound coming from Foo was not good. Lots of time in between songs where they're fuddling around with their dials on their amps and pedals. But, because it was being recorded for a live radio show, The Foo carried on.

About halfway through their set, just before February Stars, Grohl yells into the mike, "IT IS FUCKING HOT IN HERE! THIS IS THE HOTTEST GIG WE'VE EVER PLAYED! JESUS CHRIST!"

By this time, me and my pals are way in the back watching the band while the crowd carries on in their circle jerk of wannabe WWE world.

Some roadie gives Grohl a wet towel.

"Oooh. Aah. I love this. I nice ice cold towel. Who wants my ice cold towel?", says Grohl into the mike. He pretends to throw it towards the right side of the audience, then flings it to the left side. Classic Grohl being his goofy smart ass self. Considering how shitty the crowd was being and yelling "Fuck you!" in between songs at The Foo, they deserved to be tinkered with.

The Foo ends off with a great "New Way Home", or "I felt like shit on my way home" and says it's too hot to continue. More "fuck you" calls from from the crowd.

Yeah - that's a good way to get your encore - yell "fuck you" at the band.

But, after ten minutes post "New Way Home", The Foo came out to do "This Is A Call" and "I'll Stick Around" where "Call" was really rushed through and "Stick" was played kind of clumsily, where Grohl tried to cover up the mistakes with Who-style windmilling and mountains of distortion.

For some reason, there were some things I noticed different from their 1995 shows...well, besides the Goldsmith-to-Hawkins thing.

Pat Smear looked like he didn't want to be there. No default Smear smiles like he'd just gotten a BJ from some sorority girl - just like he was simply going through the motions.

Grohl, Mendal and Hawkins gave it their best, especially for the recording for the radio show, but the heat was wearing them thin.

Foo Fighters was still my favorite band in 1997, but after that not so good show and the crowd's sheer asshole sheep mentality, I felt like if they ever came to Cincinnati again, I may not really want to see them again. But, then again, there's always been a few bands I've considered not seeing again and I always end up going.

Unfortunately, that was never to be found out. Foo never played Cincinnati again. Can't say that I blame them after The Garage and the shit that took place there. Just like Grohl told the audience two years before at another Cincinnati gig - he doesn't want another "Who incident", which something similar befell Pearl Jam two years later in Europe.

Now, you may say that I'm being "too rough" on the mosher types.

Let me say this: The moshers from the Cincinnati shows don't go to mosh as we all know it in order to have a good time. They come to use the music as a backdrop to inspire them to beat up anyone they can get a hold of, using fists, knocking them down, never pulling anyone up and letting the unlucky people get trampled on - all the while calling it "moshing" in order to legitimize their inner asshole.



Again, with those things considered, it's possible that's the reason Foo hasn't come to Cincinnati since 1997.

When speaking to people who've seen them in later years in Columbus and Cleveland, they said the crowds were friendly and got along. Some moshing and innocent crowd surfing, but nothing like busted out teeth or trampled audience members.

Now, that's the stuff I would imagine Foo Fighters fans here don't mind doing. I highly doubt anyone here would think trampling people "is cool and fun".



Anyway, the show was played on 107.1 FM for Live At The Pit a couple months later and the sound was absolutely horrible. It was nothing like the crystal clear clarity and full volume that was on the Toronto show.

Just one more nail in the coffin for Cincinnati when it comes to Foo shows.