FOO FIGHTERS
28 August, 1998
Subterania
London, UK

SETLIST (AMT#1)
---------------
1. Monkey Wrench 
2. Alone + Easy Target 
3. My Hero 
4. My Poor Brain 
5. See You 
6. Gas Chamber
7. Up In Arms 
8. Enough Space
9. For All The Cows 
10.Big Me 
11.Weenie Beenie 
12.Hey, Johnny Park! 
13.Everlong 
14.New Way Home 
15.This Is A Call 
16.Walking After You 
17.I'll Stick Around

  	 

GENERATION
----------------
PAL(M)->NTSC VHS(1)->AVI->MPEG-2/PCM 48khz->DVDR(1)Your copy when burnt

TRANSFER DETAILS
-----------------
VCR -> Pinnacle Dazzle -> Virtual Dub -> CCESP2 -> TMPGEnc3

NOTES
---------------
Let me start by saying this is one of my all time favorite Foo Fighters videos. Definitely my favorite with Franz Stahl
who was my favorite guitar player the Foos ever had. Great show with great energy and the band seems to be having a great
time through the whole gig. The security sucked at the venue so lots of crowd surfers made it onto the stage. One of them
jammed "Stairway to Heaven" with the band using Dave's guitar after Hey, Johnny Park!  Dave lets the guy stay on stage 
while they play Everlong but he makes the guy strip to his boxers and dance like a Chippendales dancer the whole time. 
In the middle of New Way Home a crowd surfer makes it onto the stage and sings the last half of the song with the band. 
Dave has the setlist written on his shirt and talks about how they just did Top of the Pops and how lame it was. My copy of
this video was a VHS(2) so this is a nice upgrade to what I had before. This was in a lot of Foo tapes I bought off of a 
trader that hasn't traded in quite some time. If anyone knows the taper and can get a master transfer or has a PAL(1) of
this show please contact me. For now though this is the best version of this out there. As with most of my videos this
needs to be burnt onto a dual layer dvd. I hate switching discs in the middle of a show that's why I author them this way.
Enjoy!!!

DO NOT ENCODE INTO LOSSY FORMATS OR SELL EVER!!! 

Transferred by: Brad Collins(foofanatic) 

If you or anyone else you know has ever taped the Foo Fighters please contact me or one of the other guys at: www.foofighterslive.com


