
Caution audio includes rude language and references to heinous sex acts

I held off putting this out because it felt not in the best interest of the Foo Fighters.
Maybe that is still true. It was clearly not their best effort. For completists I guess.
I tried to contact Dave on Facebook to see how he felt about it but recieved no reply for 60 days so...
...listen to this to get a laugh or three. Please tell us your concert experience if you attended.
Please realize that you will probably only listen to this recording once or twice. :)


    Foo Fighters
    July 17th 2000
    Hershey Park Arena

    01. Monkey Wrench
    02. Learn To Fly
    03. Breakout
    04. For All The Cows
    05. Bridge Of Sighs
    06. Last Show Hi-Jinks - Everlong

    Recorded by Ed Arnold

    Sony MZ-R37 minidisc CoreSounds low cost cardioid mics>PC>FLAC

The last show of the tour hi-jinks: 

....wierdest thing during Bridge Of Sighs Will Ferrell came out and started hassling the Foos. ;)

The Red Hot Chili Peppers set up a canopy over Taylor Hawkin's drum set filled with Reeses Pieces.
They let them loose towards the end of the set and the candy coated chocolate/peanut butter treats poured down on Taylor and his drums.
An attempted clean up seemed pointless and the set seemed shortened as a result but who knows...

While it was entertaining to watch all this you can hear my son-in-law Daniel's and my negative response briefly at the end of the recording.

From FooFightersLive.com:

This was the final show Foo Fighters played supporting Red Hot Chili Peppers on their 2000 spring/summer tour. When the band took the stage for their opening set the crowd noticed they were very drunk, something Taylor Hawkins confirmed in a 2019 interview, noting that they "got frigging hammered" before going on.

After the first three songs of the set Chad Smith entered the stage and messed around with the band for several minutes, according to an attendee. The band then played a fourth song, 'Everlong', before laying down on stage and then soon leaving entirely, with the crowd unsurprisingly booing the band after their very short and sloppy performance.

The band returned to the stage during the Chili Peppers set for their own planned last night of the tour hijinks. They first danced around and playfully distracted the band during 'Me And My Friends' before leaving the stage to begin stage 2 of the prank.

Thousands of ping-pong balls and boxes of glitter were dropped on drummer Chad Smith - "it was okay, but kinda weird" he recalled in a later interview. It was not the end however, as next came large quantities of cooked spaghetti. "That was like snakes falling on you for a long time. It did not stop, it was all over the drums. They got me really good. I barely finished the end of the song, then I ran off and tackled Dave.” added Smith

