FOO FIGHTERS April 11, 2000 Acoustic Set at the Disc Exchange, Knoxville TN (20th Anniversary Transfer)
Title: "Just Like Boys with Toys - Live at the Disc Exchange" 	
Twenty years before social distancing and COVID-1984 lockdowns, there was the Disc Exchange and Foo Fighters, and me with a generic tape recorder with built-in mike in the pocket of my very baggy pants. To my knowledge, after 20 years, I was the only person who taped this show in its entirety. I was about 6 feet from the band, on the other side of the first CD rack, with no one in front of me.  Overall, this recording is very pleasant to listen to. The songs are great, but the best part is Dave's interactions with the crowd and all the joking around – even when Dave’s cell phone rings.  For "Have a Cigar," Dave plays drums while Taylor sings. The clicking sound at the beginning of "Generator" is my keys hitting my tape recorder as I'm walking inside. I was almost the first person in line outside the building. FF started playing Generator, and the employees immediately opened the doors for us to come in. One I found my spot, I discreetly held the tape recorder out of my pocket just enough for the mike to stick out, dropping it back in as employees walked by. As I remember, Dave says "GD promotional posters" when a FF poster came loose and fell on his head. I missed very little when I flipped the tape, but I remember that some lady requested they play something by Travis Tritt.  Dave looked at her like she was crazy and said "Travis Tritt???" Then side B started recording.	

Source Info: Master tape played through Sony TC-W490 via a high-quality stereo analog cable to a Sony RCD-W500C CD recorder. CD-R copied to WAV using EAC. WAV files converted to FLAC with TLH. FLAC files were then split with foobar, which output them as WAV. Finally, I used TLH to convert those individual WAV files back to FLAC.

SideA 01 Generator
SideA 02 Breakout
SideA 03 Next Year
SideA 04 Stacked Actors ("Shaft Remix" according to Dave)
SideA 05 New Way Home
SideA 06 Learn To Fly
SideA 07 Monkey Wrench
SideB 01 Dave and Taylor Switch Seats
SideB 02 Have A Cigar
SideB 03 Everlong
SideB 04 Borderline (only known performance by Foo Fighters)
SideB 05 This Is A Call

This show was the first of 2 sets on April 11, 2000. The second was opening for RHCP that night at Thompson Bowling Arena. I taped that one, too, but the recording came out unlistenable.  The setlist is out there, though.
Here's a fun bonus: A WBIR cameraman was there for a few minutes.  I didn't think to set my VCR to record the news that night, but WBIR used some of the footage for another story that can be found here:
https://www.wbir.com/article/news/local/disc-exchange-closing-after-25-years-in-south-knoxville/296266637
If anyone can download that video, please send me an email.  I also included 3 pics that I was able to find online. 
I did not tinker with the sound in any way. If anyone would like to remaster this show, please do, and email me so I can download it. Enjoy!
A BobC release.

	