FOO FIGHTERS
29 October, 2008
Avalon (Secret Show)
Hollywood, CA

SETLIST (AUD#1)
---------------
1. All My Life
2. Times Like These
3. Learn to Fly
4. Young Man Blues
5. Long Road to Ruin
6. Let it Die
7. Stacked Actors
8. Marigold
9. My Hero
10.Cold Day in the Sun
11.Everlong (Electric)
12.The Pretender


GENERATION
----------------
AIWA Clip On Mic -> iPod 

TRANSFER
---------------
iPod -> USB Cable ->  Adobe Audition 2.0 -> CD Wave -> FLAC Frontend 1.7.1

NOTES
---------------
This show was a secret corporate sponsored event to celebrate the release of the Blackberry Storm.
RIM put on this show as a thank you to their employees and a very select few winners from the Foo
Fighters postboard won tickets to this show. I have never heard a recording come out of one of these
corporate shows so I hope you guys enjoy it. Not the best quality recording as this was before I got
a battery box and some decent mics but not the worst I've ever heard by a long shot. Just some bass
distortion from the crappy mic. No real rarities in this set however they did play "Everlong"
all electric which they don't do too much anymore. Mostly it's half acoustic half electric these days.

Queens of the Stone Age was the opener but I didn't record their set. I do know that there is a video of 
their set out there somewhere. Another contest winner brought in an HDV cam and the bouncer let him record
the whole Queens set. When he was done the bouncer said, "Thanks that's mine!" and took the tape from the taper.
He got a nice little souvenir from working the show I suppose (dick!). Great set by the foos though and they
really seemed to let their hair down a bit as it was the end of the tour for ESP&G.There was one or two more
corporate events to close out the tour but other than that they were pretty much done. 

I hope you guys enjoy it!!

Taped and transferred by: Brad Collins (Foofanatic)

DO NOT SELL OR ENCODE INTO LOSSY FORMATS EVER!!!!!! 

If you or anyone else you know has ever taped the Foo Fighters please contact me or one of the other guys at: www.foofighterslive.com
