Foo Fighters
Pensacola Civic Center
Pensacola, Florida
January 20th, 2008
"Bring On The Foo!"

Location: Right side, few rows back
Source:	STC-11 (omni cap) > Church Audio ST-20A preamp > iRiver H120
Transfer: iRiver H120 > > USB > PC > Audacity (tracking/edit) > Trader's Little Helper (flac) > foobar2000 (tags)
Taper: Hahninator (Mark)

Setlist:
01. Let It Die
02. The Pretender
03. Times Like These
04. Breakout
05. Learn To Fly
06. Cheer Up Boys (Your Makeup Is Running)
07. This Is A Call
08. The One
09. Stacked Actors
-Acoustic Stage-
10. Skin & Bones
11. Marigold
12. My Hero
13. Band Introductions
14. Cold Day In The Sun
15. But, Honestly
16. Everlong
-Main Stage-
17. Monkey Wrench
18. All My Life
-Encore Break-
19. Big Me
20. Long Road To Ruin
21. Best Of You

Total Runtime: 1:59:27

Show notes:
-The show was sold out!
-Dave had a very sore throat, which is evident throughout the show. At one point, he said, he contemplated canceling
the show.
-This was the first time that Cheer Up Boys (Your Makeup Is Running) was played in 2008 and the first time on the
tour that Long Road To Ruin was moved to the encore.
-Generator was supposed to be played after Big Me, but was taken off of the setlist because of Dave's voice problems.

Taper's notes:
-I swear to god the crowd at Foo shows is a fucking riot. You can hear the drunk LSU crowd next to me yelling and
screaming the whole show, but I loved it - they're hilarious at points, plus - what would it be without the crowd?
During All My Life's bridge when Dave told everyone to dance, the floor shook so bad I thought it was going to cave in.
The ENTIRE crowd started jumping up and down and it seemed like they shook the entire venue. Fucking awesome crowd. Mosh
pits and everything, the whole nine yards.
-During Times Like These, a security woman appeared right in front of me and blocked my view. She let 2 people come and
sit by me since I had 3 seats to myself. The woman that moved next to me was huge and had a huge purse on, and adding
to that, the LSU guy next to me started jumping and dancing, so I was squashed. I gave him a nasty look and pointed at
the woman and you can hear him at 4:55 say 'It's alright, my boy', before letting out another banchee scream.
-I get bumped into by the crowd dancing a lot, and you can hear it on the mics...sorry it's not my fault. That's what
the noise is though if you're wondering.
-This recording is dedicated to those LSU fans near me and also to foofighterslive.com, the Foo Fighters Live Guide,
and the inspiration for my Linkin Park Live Guide site at lplive.net.