Section 116, Row 15 - Recorded with a Tascam Dr-07 to wav and converted to flac.

This is the concert where the band showed up earlier in the day on a flatbed to sing 'Keep it Clean" to the Westboro protesters.  http://www.rollingstone.com/music/videos/foo-fighters-pull-a-prank-on-protesters-20110919

from Wiki:
In September 2011, before a show in Kansas City, the band performed a counter-protest parody song in front of a protest by the Westboro Baptist Church. The song mocked the church's opposition to homosexuality, and was performed in the same faux-trucker garb that was seen in the band's "Hot Buns" promotional video.

Here's the announcement from the Sprint Center of the then upcoming concert:
FOO FIGHTERS TO ROCK OUT SPRINT CENTER ON SEPT. 16

Foo Fighters will visit Sprint Center for the first time on Friday, Sept. 16.  Joining them on this wild ride will be Special Guest Rise Against.

The tour follows in the wake of Foo Fighters' just released seventh album Wasting Light, which is still riding high on the charts after debuting at #1 in a dozen countries. Wasting Light has also generated arguably the best critical notices of the band's 16-year career, including four star lead reviews from Rolling Stone and People, and an A- lead review from Entertainment Weekly that summed up “Here’s the miracle, though: Foo Fighters never feel like a backward-looking band. Light is a muscular rock & roll throwdown, featuring the Foos delivering exactly the kind of catchy, pummeling anthems they’re known for, with total disregard for the whims of the masses.”

Tickets for the Sept. 16 concert will go on sale Friday, May 20 at 10 AM through sprintcenter.com or charge-by-phone at 800.745.3000. In the event that tickets remain, they will be available at Sprint Center Box Office beginning on Monday, May 23 at 10 AM.

Setlist:
Bridge Burning (sorry about my wife talking a little loud during the intro)
Rope
The Pretender
My Hero
Learn to Fly
White Limo
Arlandria
Breakout
Cold Day in the Sun
Stacked Actors
Walk
Generator
Monkey Wrench
These Days
I Should Have Known
Skin and Bones
This Is a Call
All My Life

Crowd Noise

Encore:
Long Road to Ruin
(Dave acoustic solo)
Best of You
(Dave acoustic solo)
Times Like These
(half Dave acoustic solo, half with band)
Dear Rosemary
Breakdown
(Tom Petty and the Heartbreakers cover)
School's Out
(Alice Cooper cover)
Everlong