Foo Fighters
The Fillmore-Charlotte, NC
2012-09-05
Democratic National Convention - Rock the Vote

Taper:  Rerun
Lineage: Mono IEM>Tascam DR-05>Adobe Audition 3.0>mixed and dithered to 16bit with Ozone + Waves plugins>CD Wave Editor>TLH

Setlist:

White Limo 
All My Life 
Rope 
The Pretender 
My Hero 
Dear Rosemary 
Breakdown 
(Tom Petty and The Heartbreakers cover)
Learn to Fly 
Arlandria 
These Days 
Cold Day in the Sun 
I'll Stick Around 
Walk 
Monkey Wrench 
Hey, Johnny Park! 
Jet 
(Wings cover)
Young Man Blues 
(Mose Allison cover)
This Is a Call 
In the Flesh? 
(Pink Floyd cover)
Best of You 
Encore:
Aurora 
Times Like These 
Winnebago 
(Late! cover)
Big Me 
For All the Cows 
Wattershed 
New Way Home 
Enough Space 
See You 
Skin and Bones 
Alone + Easy Target 
Breakout 
Bridge Burning 
Exhausted 
Everlong 


Notes:  this is said to be, by the Foo Fighters themselves, the longest show they have ever played!  The Fillmore 
holds about 1000 people, so needless to say the energy of this show was awesome.  This was a loooonnnngg day....went 
down to soundcheck about 5 pm, then chatted with Brad and grabbed a few beers while the line backed up further and
further...Foo Fighters came on about 10pm and decided to finish up about 1:30ish...then I had to deal with uptown
baracades, road blocks, etc. due to the DNC...got home about 2:30am and had to work the next day, ugh.

This recording has two different feeds...about the first hour or so has one feed (lead guitar I think), then I switched 
to another feed for the remainder of the show...both have their good and bad...I liked the way the second feed sounded 
during soundcheck so I switched it mid show....after listening multiple times, I wish I had just left it alone.  There 
are a few static bursts here and there, nothing distracting though...the only things I don't like about this recording
are the background hiss and sometimes the vocals get lost in the music...I could remove the hiss, but it really destroys
the high end of the recording, so I just didn't remove anything below 12k mhz. 
This is mix 13...just FYI, mixing a 24bit, 3.5 hour show in a multitrack session with plugins takes countless hours, so 
if you have negative thoughts, please keep them to yourself.

I hope you like it as much as I do....this is a special one to me, especially since they are now done it seems.
Merry Christmas Dime!

dedicated to Brad D....drove from Baltimore to be front row for probably his 60th or so Foo Fighters show.