Foo Fighters	
Klipsch Music Center
Noblesville Indiana
August 27, 2015


Source/Lineage:
Audio Reality Microphone ARMIC 1 binaurals> Battery Box (w/out Bass Rolloff) > Zoom H2N 16/44.1 > PC > GoldWave > Flac
Recorded by Gitard


01. Everlong  
02. Monkey Wrench  
03. Learn to Fly  
04. Something From Nothing  
05. The Pretender 
06. Big Me intro while Dave Talks 
07. Big Me  
08. Congregation  
09. Walk
10. Dave Talks/Band Intros  
    Eruption (Van Halen cover) (Intro) 
    You Really Got Me (The Kinks cover) (Intro) 
    Roundabout (Yes cover) (Intro) 
    God Save the Queen (Sex Pistols cover) (Intro) 
11. Cold Day in the Sun  
12. My Hero  
13. Outside  
14. All My Life  
15. Times Like These  
16. These Days  
17. Aurora  
18. Breakout (cut)
19. This Is a Call (beginning cut) 
20. Blues Jam featuring John Popper 
21. Under Pressure (Queen & David Bowie cover) 
22. Tom Sawyer intro
23. Tom Sawyer (Rush cover) 
24. Best of You  


This was an awesome show, and as it always is with the Foo Fighters, very high energy even with Dave sitting down 
the whole show due to his broken leg. It was a last minute decision to drive the two and a half hours to this show, 
and I was able to snag a lawn ticket pretty cheap. I slowly moved forward a little during the show, eventually making 
my way toward the front of the lawn. Unfortunately during Breakout a drunk lady danced her way into me, knocking me 
into the guy next to me, who took that to mean MOSH PIT. I suddenly found myself in the middle of an impromptu mosh 
pit and my mics came unplugged, and my Zoom recorder hit the ground. It took me a few minutes to pick myself and 
my gear up off the ground and resume recording. Other than that, it's a decent capture of an awesome show. No eq done, 
just a little volume boost.

As always support the artists. Go see their shows, buy their albums and merchandise.
 
Tweak as you like. Feel free to make album art or remaster if you wish but do not sell this recording or distribute in 
lossy formats. Enjoy!