Foo Fighters
Friday September 11th 2015
Rogers Arena
800 Griffiths Way
Vancouver BC Canada

Taper:  LeifH
Source:  CA-11 (cardioid) > CA-Bat2B > Sony PCM M10 @ 24/48 > Duracell 8GB microSD card
Transfer:  Memory card > PC via USB > Wavepad Master's Edition (edits, amplify, tracking, downsample to 16/44.1) > flac (8) via Frontend

Setlist:  
00 intro
01 All My Life
02 Times Like These
03 Learn to Fly
04 Something From Nothing
05 The Pretender
06 Up in Arms
07 Big Me
08 Congregation
09 Walk
10 band introductions > Cinnamon Girl (Neil Young) > MTV Theme Song
11 Cold Day in the Sun
12 My Hero
13 White Limo
14 Arlandria
15 Outside
16 Breakout
17 These Days
18 Under Pressure (Queen)
19 Summer of '69 (Bryan Adams)
20 Best of You
21 This is a Call
22 Skin and Bones
23 Monkey Wrench
24 Everlong

Hadn't seen Foo Fighters before.  Gary Clark Jr opened up.  I was on the floor, at the end of the cat-walk, within 2 metres of dead centre, leaning against the barrier.  I brought a decent HD camera with me, but was forced to put it away after the first three songs by meat-head goon security douche-monkey.  I could have moved but I didn't want to leave the barrier spot I was holding for a couple hours already.  So I only got the first 3 songs on video, but got great audio of the whole show.  The crowd was very enthusiastic during the first 2-3 songs, particularly when Dave rolled out on his throne, which he had made because of his broken leg after falling off the stage the past summer.  

There was a vocal mic and monitors at the end of the cat-walk.  When Dave would roll out, the mic and monitors were turned on, and it was slightly out of phase.  Since I was about 10 feet away from him, I was picking up live sound, his monitors, the PA stacks' sound and everything else.  So for the moments when he was right there in front of me, you may notice the sound slightly change, but other than that I think its an awesome recording.  

I'm not a huge fan of the Foo Fighters, but it was an outstanding performance.  I've mostly indulged in the first two albums only, so it was great to hear the classics thrown in.  During Under Pressure, Dave had everyone try to stand on their neighbours' shoulders after seeing one guy do it.  Of course security hated this, but had to put up with it.  Not that many people were actually able to stand on someone's shoulders, but a lot of people were sitting on shoulders.  This was the first time the band would play the Bryan Adams cover of Summer of '69.  Dave had the lyrics to the song in front of him and messed them up a little.  I probably wouldn't have noticed as I'm not an Adams fan.

There was no encore, they just played straight through.  Since it was so loud, the crowd doesn't really come through on the recording, other than applause.  

fingerprints:
