Foo Fighters
Sacramento, CA
Golden 1 Center
December 7, 2021

--

Source 1: 5x Wireless Feeds > Zoom F8
Taped by Hoserama

Source 2: AT853s > SP-SPSB-10 > PCM-A10
Taped by TJ (http://ratm.live)

Mixed by hoserama
Dithered using Izotope MBIT+
Flac'ed using Trader's Little Helper
Mix version 20211217

--

01. Times Like These
02. The Pretender
03. Learn to Fly
04. No Son of Mine
05. The Sky is a Neighborhood
06. Shame Shame
07. Breakout
08. My Hero
09. These Days
10. Medicine at Midnight
11. Breakdown
12. Walk
13. Band Intros
14. Somebody to Love
15. All My Life
16. La Dee Da
17. This is a Call
18. Aurora
19. Best of You
20. Monkey Wrench
21. Everlong

--

Show Notes:
Nice solid Foo Fighters show. High energy, lots of f-bombs, and overall good show. If you like the Foos, then this is a nice memento for you.

Recording Notes:
Had a short for the first song and a half on the Drummer IEM, so I used the drums from the bass feed (it pays to monitor and pay attention to your rig!). So the drum sound improves once it settles in. Nice stereo panning, although Pat's guitar and the keyboardists are overall low in the mix. Then again, it was that way over the PA. Got creative with the feeds I havd available, but just keep in mind that none of the 3 guitarists or keyboardists use IEMs. Overall I'm pretty pleased with the balance, although sometimes a random guitar solo is a little lower than I'd like.

--

As always, encouraging people to get into taping and mixing. Just take the craft seriously and it will reward you many times over. There's no point in complaining about missing recordings or subpar quality if you're not contributing--pushing 1's and 0's around on the internet is no comparison for taping.

--

IEM recordings are not for everyone. If not they're not your thing, either sonically or ethically, well at least you didn't spend any money on this.

Similarly, I'm mixing primarily for my ears. This is what sounds best to me. This may not sound best to you. That's a fair statement. I'm open to honest criticism (although you should have caught me when I was working on the mix!), but pointless complaining is unappreciated (naturally). Let's play nice.

--

Please don't sell this recording in any way - no cash for blanks, 2:1s, or any other form of "getting paid for your time". Just share it freely.

Please don't convert to mp3, then back to wave, and then trade it around. This stuff is too easy to find on torrents now.

Feel free to remaster/remix this recording. Just keep it to your own computer and iPod.

Also, please don't torrent or share on other sites without at least dropping me a line and asking. I may want to just torrent/share it there myself.

Please ask (and wait for permission!) before putting it into any matrix + video production. If you ask nicely for a quality high-res video project, I will likely say “yes”. If you put it on YouTube or cell phone video production without asking, I will send my cats from hell to chew your computer cables.

--

Enjoy y'all!
- Hoserama/Sharebear
