Dave Grohl and Greg Kurstin
2021-09-05
JamPad Acoustic Stage
Bottlerock Festival
Napa California

Lineage: PCM-A10 (onboard mics)
Taping Location: Slightly right of stage 15-20 feet back
Transfer: WAV > Audacity > FLAC (no adjustments)
Length: 34 minutes

Setlist:

1. Sabotage (Beastie Boys cover)
2. Hotline Bling (Drake cover)
3. Mississippi Queen (Mountain cover)
4. Fuck the Pain Away (Peaches cover)
5. Rainy Day Women #12 and 35 (Bob Dylan cover)
6. Connection (Elastica cover)
7. Frustrated (The Knack cover)
8. Rock & Roll (The Velvet Underground cover)

Notes: By Day 3 of Bottlerock we were dragging. It was incredibly hot out and we were out of practice for the festival circuit. No festivals for a year and a half made us weak! We originally posted up at the Truly Stage to hang in the shade and watch some of the lesser bands before heading over to see Jimmy Eat World and at 2:40 we got a text from a friend saying that Dave Grohl was going to play a Hanukkah session over at the JamPad Acoustic Stage. We definitely weren’t going to pass that up so we hustled over and made it literally with 30 seconds to go. Given how last minute it was I didn’t have time to get my mics set up so I YOLO’d it with the PCM-A10 onboard mics. All things considered, I think it turned out sounding pretty good! There is wind noise and some shifting the first two songs but after that it remains relatively quiet. I’m not sure how to edit or reduce some of that so if someone wants to take a shot at it I would greatly appreciate it. The performance itself was awesome: Dave Grohl is always a treat to see live regardless of what he’s in and the short set proved no exception. Fun mix of songs too: I’d love to see them cover more bands in the future! There is a talker for the first song and a half. We were next to someone that sounds like Bill Walton that was incredibly chatty and eventually I moved away from him. Nothing too major though! Fortunately, fried_morals was able to record this set with actual microphones. Looking forward to hearing his recording!

I run a Rage Against the Machine live archive at http://ratm.live.
Please get in touch if you have any recordings of Rage Against the Machine!
