Foo Fighters 

24 January 2026
UTAS Stadium
Launceston, Tasmania, Australia

All My Life
Times Like These
The Pretender
La Dee Da
Stacked Actors
These Days
Walk
Band Introductions
My Hero
Learn To Fly
Run
This Is A Call
No Son Of Mine #
Under You %
Aurora
White Limo
Arlandria
Monkey Wrench
Hey, Johnny Park!
Best Of You
Intro To Ballad *
Ballad Of The Beaconsfield Miners
Exhausted
Everlong

Note: Jason Falkner subbing in on guitar for Pat Smear.

# Snippet of 'Ace Of Spades' by Motorhead
% Dave Solo, dedicated to Taylor Hawkins.
* Dave introduced by Brant Webb, one of the miners from the Beaconsfield collapse & Dave talking about writing the song.

Running Time: 2:25:55

Taper: BleedingMe

Lineage: SP-CMC-8 (AT933) > Roland R-07 (96/24) > Adobe Audition CS6 (iZotope Ozone 5 Mastering Plugin) , (iZotope RX 7 DeClicker - remove loud clapping) / Edit, Levels & EQ > TLH V2.8.3 [Build 182] FLAC Lvl 8 > TagScanner 6.1.2 (Tagging)

This was a one-off Australian show to promote the upcoming announcement of a new album and a national tour later in the year. Although there was a quick turnaround between the announcement of the show and the performance, the 26,000 tickets were snapped up within an hour. This was only the third time they have played in Tasmania, having previously performed in Hobart on The Colour and the Shape tour in 1998 and again on the Sonic Highways tour in 2015. Consequently, quite a lot of locals were pissed to have missed out on tickets to interlopers from the mainland.

Security was super tight, so fortunately I had a 2 hour drive to the venue and decided to setup my equipment in the venue and not before as per usual. The stadium is primarily used for Australian Rules Football and Cricket, so it's a big oval with deep pockets (161m x 128m). My plan was to stand outside on one of the flanks where no one was, but unfortunately due to construction and upgrades to the stage end of the stadium, there was a light breeze blowing in through the gap where a grandstand once stood. The only other option was to get as close as possible (2nd row from barrier on right hand side), which unfortunately means people. So there's some chatter and yelling from time to time, but there's not much you can do about it I guess. The Encore Break was removed as it was full of Police radio chatter, which I didn't realize until I listened back on the recording. At least the cops had the courtesy to wait until a break in proceedings to kick someone out.