Master Tapers Concert Series - Volume  (20)

Band name: Alice In Chains
Date: September 13, 1991
Venue: Shoreline Amphitheatre
Location: Mountain View, California, USA
Tour name: Facelift

Media: 1 CDs
Recording type: Audience
Taper: Karl Lundmark
Recording Equipment: Aiwa CM-30a>Sony WM-D6C
Lineage: 1st Generation Analog (TDK-SA90)>TC-WE475>PC>AUDACITY>WAV (16bit)>TLH>FLAC (8)
Transfer/Mastering: February 2014
Audio format: FLAC
Total running time: 40:29
Audio quality: 4/4+
Artwork: Yes

Track listing:
Real Thing
Put You Down
Would?
Love, Hate, Love
We Die Young
Man In The Box
Bleed The Freak
It Ain't Like That
Sea Of Sorrow

Band:
Layne Staley - Vocals
Jerry Cantrell - Guitars
Michael Starr - Bass Guitar
Sean Kinney - Drums

Show comments:
Opening for Van Halen.

Notes:
Good recording although it has some flaws. The first 90 seconds or so run a bit hot. I normalized the transfer which helped but the master tape was like that.

Hello friends!
I recently started going through some of the 50 plus boxes of tapes i have stored in my garage and have pulled out some of my favorite shows. 
Many of them i haven't listened to since i got them back in the 80's. I'm going to try and share as many of them as i can. The shows i will be sharing
will be 1st generation copies i got directly from the tapers. Before i share any of them though i want to make sure i secure permission to post them from the tapers.
This will be the first time i share any recordings that are not my own masters.

Here's another upload from one of the Master Tapers, Karl Lundmark. I first met Karl sometime in the mid 80's and he was one of the first tapers i traded with.
We had gone to many shows together as he came down to So Cal many times to do shows. Great guy and many thanks to him for allowing me to post his masters.
He is the ultimate Metallica guy, i wish i could share some of his Metallica because there are a lot of them but no Metallica on Dime.

Enjoy!
Brian.