Alice In Chains
the Channel
Boston, Mass. U.S.A. 
November 27, 92
lineage: master DAT aud > 
         my cassette (Maxell XL-II no dolby) >
         soundforge 4.5 (to WAV) > FLAC 6 > torrent.
performance quality: B/C
recording quality: B+
runtime: 73:12
setlist: sortakinda (sorry, I'm no AIC expert)
  1: dam that river
  2: we die young
  3: them bones
  4: would?
  5: love hate love
  6: junkhead
  7: ?
  8: Layne growls at the crowd and bleed the freak
  9: ?
  10: sickman
  11: ?
  12: screwing around
  13: ?
  14: angry chair
  15: man in a box
comments:
  Even for Alice in Chains, this was a strange concert. At one point
they ask a guy in the audience to play the drums with them for a song.
Layne is scowling at the crowd, which was not exactly pumped for this
show. AIC wasn't really very popular in Boston yet, and I'm told this 
was their only Boston headline show (I bet they would have done quite 
well in Manchester N.H. since WGIR radio played lots of AIC). This show
may be why that is so- Alice did the Lollapollooza thing in 93 and opened
at least one other Boston show (Iggy Pop? I think?) but given how big
they became soon after this show I'm surprised they never played Boston
again as a headliner (I never heard of them doing so). This show was
not very highly publicized, which didn't help I'm sure. The Channel is
not a very big place, but it hosted some cool shows, like John Entwistle
in 87 and 88. This was a rather average quality concert for the most part,
and Alice in Chains' concert consistency is not very good at all, although 
possibly the most lethargic audience response AIC got on their 1992 Dirt 
tour. The guy who gave me this has given me some good quality shows, 
including this, but has an annoying habit of not giving me the whole thing, 
on this the end of a track cuts 45 minutes into the show, not sure how much 
is missing but sounds like not much at all and not one of the better songs.
The rest of the show is on here complete and quality is pretty consistent, 
sounds like there weren't many people there. Would, Bleed the Freak, 
Angry Chair (a current hit in this show) and Man in the Box were the best 
performances in here. This is probably comparable quality to some of the 
better AIC DL's on dime lately, but probably not one of the more memorably 
hot shows they've played, then again if you like your Alice with a ticked-
off and extra stale-mooded Layne Staley, this might be the perfect Alice
for your wonderland. I don't know why he was in such a frumpy mood that night,
maybe just road weary. None of them seemed real happy to be there at all,
and the crowd sounds like they're waiting for a bus. On the bright side, not 
very loud crowd noise on an AIC aud. tape. How often does that happen?
this thing's been sitting in the back of Bertha III's second belly like
an undigested pizza from 2006, so I'm not sure which song cuts but I think
it's sickman. (it's about 45 min. into the show)
do not sell this recording.
it is lame and stale to sell Layne Staley.
Trade freely and losslessly.

