Alice in Chains
February 08 1993
Stockholm Sweden
1st Gen Transfer
2 DVD 5

**By Request**

Source: Audience
Length: 88 min
Lineage: 1st gen vhs->firewire->JVC S/A->ntsc dvd->you 
Video Quality: A- (some camera ducks and a little shakey in some places)
Audio Quality: B+ 
NTSC
Chaptered approx every 5 min with generic menu
Full show

Setlist:

DVD 1:
Dam That River
We Die Young
Them Bones
Would?
Love Hate Love
Junkhead
Godsmack
Bleed the Freak
Cant put You down
Sickman

DVD 2:
It Aint Like That
-Layne punches a skinhead in the face
Rooster
Dirt
Hate To Feel
Angry Chair
Man in the Box

Really nice vid I got last year after DeucePro made a fresh transfer. When this was requested it was mentioned that this vid is circulating
in 3rd or 4th gen at best. Gotta love Layne Staley punching out the big bad skinhead just before "Rooster".

If you have any concerns with any of my torrents, please, PM me before making accusations/bashing/etc. I would just like to keep the 
negativity off the torrent page. Just give me a chance to fix something before ripping me and threatening to kill my gold fish. 

I plan to upload everything in my collection. There are a few vids in my collection that I won't be uploading if I was asked not to. However,
if you traded me 200 videos and think I'm not letting any out because you're selling them, too fuckin bad. As a wise man recently pointed 
out to me via Dime, if I die tomorrow, my family is gonna throw the shit away and who does that benefit? So if you're a seller and I upload 
something of yours, don't bother whining to me about it. I want to get this stuff out and its mine (I will not be uploading anymore Tool vids
though, had enough of that to last a lifetime). If you wanna request something I may have or a particular artist PM me. 

I probably won't read the comments very often or check back so if you need to reach me, hit the PM. I normally seed for a couple days after 
the torrent is completed by the majority but then I delete it and move on to the next torrent. I will not be able to reseed down the road so 
please don't ask. I don't wanna spend extra time on a torrent. I normally seed 24/7 with the exception of an occasional restart. My downloads 
are blazing fast (have to give the FIOS its due) so this will be a quick one for the community.

I still haven't finished a list so please don't ask. Got about halfway done and lost it so I don't see myself starting over. I'm also very 
unlikely to do any snail mail trades.

If someone would be kind enough to upload the Cult Toronto 1989 DVD I would be much appreciative.

Please don't sell.

Please allow me the time to seed on other sites after it runs its course here on Dime. If I haven't uploaded it to other sites within a 
month or so, I would encourage you to do so. 

Next up: A nice new transfer of my Rage Against The Machine master from Washington DC 1993!