Tom Morello
The Forum, Melbourne Australia
Sun 13th April 2025

taper: Blackout
IEM HiFi STEREO

Lineage: 
IEM Reciever> Zoom Livetrak L6 > Cubase> Sound Forge >Little Helper 44.1k 24bit FLAC

01-Soldier In The Army Of Love
02-One Last Dance
03-Medley: Testify / Take The Power Back / Freedom / Snakecharmer (RATM)
04-Lets Get The Party Started
05-Hold The Line
06-One Man Revolution (The Nightwatchman)
07-Secretariat
08-Cato Stedman & Neptune Frost
09-Beautiful World (Devo Cover)
10-The Road I Must Travel (The Nightwatchman)
11-Keep Going
12-House Gone Up In Flames (The Nightwatchman)
13-The Garden of Gethsamane (The Nightwatchman)
14-Black Spartacus Heart Attack Machine (The Nightwatchman)
15-Medley: Bombtrack / Know Your Enemy / Bulls on Parade / Guerilla Radio / Sleep Now in the Fire / Bullet in the Head / Cochise (RATM)
16-Like A Stone (Audioslave)
17-The Ghost Of Tom Joad (Bruce Springsteen Cover)
18-Killing In The Name (RATM)
19-Power To The People (John Lennon Cover)
20-Dirty Deeds Done Dirt Cheap (new lyrics) (ACDC Cover)

Notes:

Tom Morello and RATM fans will likely get excited over this one. Perfect IEM HiFi STEREO capture of the full show, punchy and wide with solid vocals and well mixed. No distortion, as good as any commercial release...sounds better than most of the tracks on the new RATM live album audio TBH. 10/10 this one.

Full house at The Forum Melbourne on a warm Sunday nite. Lots of cover songs played and some solid banter between songs with storytelling...nice. For the RATM medleys it seems he chose to perform without singing, and then for Killing in The Name he again left it to the crowd to sing...which is kinda disappointing. The quiet middle "acoustic" section went for one song too long and he kinda lost the momentum and vibe of the crowd but saved it in the end with a rare ACDC cover as the encore with new cool lyrics which was special! Enjoy!

Sample mp3 recordings supplied.

Shout out to orson69, the original Melbourne recording legend Boyacrobat and the rest of the Melb crew. Thanks to Sharebear for his guidance and continued dedication to quality recording.

Hoarding recordings that others could enjoy for your selfish reasons? Share freely like this! Do Not Remaster. Do not upload to YT. Do not convert to mp3!

Respect,
Blackout

