Brand New
June 17th, 2025
Charlotte, NC
PNC Music Pavilion



Equipment: (Schoeps MK4s + Tinybox + Marantz PMD-620 [Oade Concert Mod] / Feeds)
Recorded and Edited By: RyanJ - http://www.ryanjonik.com - http://www.ninlive.com

Setlist:
Mix Tape
Okay I Believe You, But My Tommy Gun Don’t
I Will Play My Game Beneath The Spin Light
The Boy Who Blocked His Own Shot
The Quiet Things That No One Ever Knows
Millstone
The Archers Bows Have Broken
Out Of Mana
Gasoline
Luca
At The Bottom
You Stole
Degausser
Limosine (MS Rebridge)
Out Of Range
Could Never Be Heaven
Play Crack The Sky
Lit Me Up
Waste
137
Same Logic/Teeth
You Won’t Know
Sowing Season
Jesus
Batter Up
Welcome To Bangkok

Notes:
I saw Brand New in 2003 and it was the first time I got popped during the show recording (last song too). Their tour manager was such an ass it turned me off to their music for almost 13 years. I get it. They didn't like taping of their shows. But I was a 16 year old kid with a shitty cassette recorder at the time. Wasn't going anywhere with that one lol. Guy went way too hard and cracked the tape in front of me and then pulled a camera roll out my sister's bag and exposed it to light. Nice... Fast forward to 2017, I see Brand New in Detroit and couldn't believe I slept on them for so long live. They were so good.... Then, I was supposed to see them the next night in Chicago. But I totaled my car hitting a deer that morning. So that axed those plans. Then, as fast as I wanted to see them again. They were gone. I thought I'd never see them live again. So, to see another show. I was ecstatic! Heavy setlist with Devil/God and Science Fiction. Which are my two faves. Almost 2.5 hour setlist, epic. I had tickets to Detroit. But just couldn't make it up there. So I was happy to get to see one show.

Thank you to a good friend for the hook up of the tickets. Really really grateful to tape from this spot. Sound was awesome. Hope they come back around again and new music. Heard on soundcheck here that they were working on a new song. It was awesome.

Very happy how the tape turned out and may be the best Brand New audience tape I have came across. :) Enjoy the tape.

If you have unreleased Nine Inch Nails recordings, please visit me (Ryan) at NINLive.com.
If you have unreleased Rage Against the Machine recordings, please visit TJ at RATM.Live.
If you have unreleased Linkin Park recordings, please visit Mark at LPLive.net.
If you have unreleased Depeche Mode recordings, please visit Matt @ dmlive.wiki 