Tom Petty and Heartbreakers In Rock Show at the Palladium
By ROBERT PALMERJULY 16, 1978

 The article as it originally appeared.
July 16, 1978, Page 42
The New York Times Archives

Tom Petty and the Heartbreakers, who were at the Palladium Friday night, don't fit comfortably into any of the stylistic niches invented by rock writers in their attempts to bring order out of chaos. They are too melodic and 50's-influenced to be called punks, too intense and jangly to be labeled poprock, too basic in conception to fit into either the jazz-rock or art-rock categories. Perhaps they are new wave, although that term is vague enough to be virtually meaningless.

All of which goes to show that me current rock scene remains chaotic, and interestingly so, despite attempts at labeling. For Mr. Petty and his band are really representative of a sensibility that is increasingly prevalent. On the one hand, there is a strong desire to rebel against the blandness and formula of the kind of rock that makes for multi-platinum albums. On the other hand, the studied primitivism of the punks seems distastefully stagey and inauthentic.

So bands like the Heartbreakers are looking for stylistic inspiration in the rock, and especially the harder English rock, of the mid-60's.. It isn't a bad place to look, because the balance between raunch and appealing songs that groups like the Rolling Stones, the Kinks or the Who struck during this period was particularly intelligent and fruitful.

Mr. Petty is one of the better practitioners of this new/old genre because he has absorbed his sources more thoroughly than most of his competitors. Although he does a few cover versions of 60's hits, his own material manages to sound very much like 1965 while making very few references to specific influences. It is possible and perhaps relevant to point out that his songs about women recall the mid-60's Rciling Stones in their attitudes, and the one hears an occasional trace of ? Kinks, Bob Dylan and the Byrds. ? basically Mr. Petty is an original, and his intense, snarling vocal delivery and nicely chunky guitar arrangements have an appealing fervor and immediacy.

Derringer preceded Mr. Petty with set that combined contemporary guitar technology with strong roots in the rock-and-roll of the 50's. Rick Derringer, the leader, vocalist and lead guitarist, is in something of a rut these days. His show has changed very little over the 110 fcw years and he still seems intent on playing as fast and with as much flash as possible. But his encore, a romp through the Chuck Berry and Little Richard song books with Ted Nugent sitting in on guitar, was a pleasantly rousing reminder that classic rock-and-roll still has the power to move an audience.

A version of this archives appears in print on July 16, 1978, on Page 42 of the New York edition with the headline: 

