Tom Petty & The Heartbreakers
Lakeland Civic Center in Lakeland, Florida
1981-10-02

Audience taper unknown. DO NOT SELL.


This is the second show I’ve posted to The Traders Den from Tom Petty & the Heartbreakers’ ’Hard Promises’ tour, the first being the band’s August 1981 show in Boston, Massachusetts featuring Stevie Nicks.

After touring the United States in the summer of 1981 to promote their new ‘Hard Promises’ album, Tom Petty & the Heartbreakers performed a second leg of shows in the autumn of 1981. The band ended this tour with a series of shows in their home state of Florida, and this is the audio from the October 2 show in Lakeland. Unlike the October 6 St. Petersburg and October 8 homecoming show in Gainesville, this show does not feature Stevie Nicks. However, it contains one of the only performances the band ever did of The Left Banke’s song “Pretty Ballerina.” Though they also performed it on September 18 and 19 in Irvine, California, I find this version to be the superior one of the three that circulate among traders.
According to an interview that Phil Jones recently did with the marvelous Petty Archives website, he was the person who encouraged Tom to play this Left Banke song in concert: “When I was touring with the band (1980 thru 1984), we all travelled on the same bus, so it was a very close environment. Tom was very funny, and a great guy to be around. I remember suggesting that we cover The Left Banke song, ‘Pretty Ballerina’ and the next night we were playing it in the show.”

Enjoy this great sounding audience-recorded show from a particularly prosperous time for the band. “Turn up the jam, let this sucker blast!”

-mike mono


Setlist:

01. American Girl
02. Listen To Her Heart
03. A Thing About You
04. Here Comes My Girl
05. The Waiting
06. I Need To Know
07. I’m In Love (Bobby Womack cover)
08. Don't Do Me Like That
09. Louie Louie (Richard Berry cover)
10. Nightwatchman
11. A Woman In Love
12. Pretty Ballerina (The Left Banke cover)
13. Even The Losers
14. Kings Road
15. Breakdown
16. Refugee
17. Shout (The Isley Brothers cover)
18. So You Want To Be A Rock A Roll Star (The Byrds cover)
19. Shadow Of A Doubt

Band lineup: Tom Petty, Mike Campbell, Benmont Tench, Ron Blair, Stan Lynch, Phil Jones
