Tom Petty & The Heartbreakers
Irvine Meadows
Irvine, California
September 19, 1981
(1st Generation)

Taper: Persic
Recording: Nakamichi cm300 (cp4) > Sony tcd5m

Transfer: MP Master cassettes > 1st Gen > CDR > xACT 2.39 (secure rip) > Peak Pro 6 (pitch adjusted) > iZotope RX / ozone 5 (mastered) > Peak Pro 6 (post production) > xACT 2.39 > FLAC

01 American Girl
02 Listen To Her Heart
03 A Thing About You
04 Here Comes My Girl
05 The Waiting
06 I Need To Know
07 I'm In Love
08 Don't Do Me Like That
09 Louie Louie
10 Nightwatchman
11 Pretty Ballerina
12 A Woman In Love (It's Not Me) (stopped due to fireworks)
13 A Woman In Love (It's Not Me)
14 Insider w/Stevie Nicks
15 Stop Draggin' My Heart Around w/Stevie Nicks
16 Kings Road
17 Breakdown
18 Refugee
19 Shout
20 So You Wanna Be A Rock 'n' Roll Star
21 Century City
22 Wild Thing

Known Faults:
None

Night two of a two night stand at the Irvine Meadows captured by Mark Persic, this comes to us from Dan's (DS Archives) 1st generation copy he put on CDR which turned out to be a good thing since the 1st generation tapes where lost in Dan's basement flood many years ago.

After chatting with Persic about these shows it seems the masters are gone as well, kindly lent to someone and never returned.

Since this is officially Persic's capture it is not part of the DS Archives series but instead offered as known lineage off Mark's master.

For this release all the standard prepping went into it, the 1st gen's pitch was extremely slow which has been corrected (thanks to the good Prof Goody for the pitch assist) as well as the usual channel alignment, de-clicking, removal of the majority of the offending audience noises. In addition, this one was out of phase and had to be corrected which really brought it around.
 
These are really great shows, a very very solid capture with this capture being slightly superior to the first night, the fall portion of the tour seems to be under served verses the spring/summer leg.

This one has circulated from an unknown generation and we think you'll find this a nice material upgrade.

It's a pretty rowdy show, Tom has to stop the show twice, once for fireworks being set off and another time for a fight in the audience.

Thanks to Mark's impeccable work originally capturing these shows and Dan for supplying the CDR's as well as making a back up all those years ago.

Samples provided and artwork included...

mjk5510
