 Bob Dylan & Tom Petty
 Raw Soundboard
 Tacoma Dome, Tacoma, WA
 July 31, 1986
 AT-161

This is an interesting recording from a raw soundboard tape. Now before you get too excited this does have some issues. This is un-mixed direct from the board and with barely a trace of audience. You might say 'who wants to hear the audience'. Believe it or not they are noticeably absent. Which leaves long gaps of silence between songs. And being un-mixed the vocals are sometimes buried as well as some instruments at times. But aside from those issues it is a clean, low generation recording.
I have found that this source was released on a three CD set back in 2008 on Scorpio (http://www.bobsboots.com/CDs/cd-l20.html). I don't have a copy of that set but it's quite apparent that this tape is more complete.  The partial "The Waiting", "Gotta Serve Somebody" and "I And I" are missing from the CD set. Although some notes I found on-line indicate that "GSS" and "I&I" should be after "Across The Borderline", here they are the last two tracks.  Also "Ballad of a Thin Man" and "Knockin on Heavens Door" end abruptly on the tape, there is no mention of the CD being the same. Perhaps they are complete on the CD or just faded out to hide the ending.

Anyway, here is a trip back thirty years to a great tour. Enjoy!



The Band:
Bob Dylan: Vocals, Guitar, Harmonica
Tom Petty=Vocals, Guitar
Benmont Tench-Keyboards
Mike Campbell-Guitar
Howie Epstein-Bass
Stan Lynch-Drums
Backing Vocals-Louise Bethune, Carolyn Dennis, Madelyn Quebec and Queen Esther Marrow.

Lineage:Soundboard Recording> Maxell XLII-90 acquired in trade> NAK BX-125> M-Audio 24/96> Adobe Audition> WAV> Flacfrontend> Flac 6> YOU



 01 Intro
 02 So Long Good Luck And Goodbye
 03 All Along The Watchtower
 04 Clean-Cut Kid
 05 I'll Remember You
 06 Shot Of Love
 07 We Had It All 
 08 Masters Of War
 09 Straight Into Darkness
 10 Think About Me
 11 The Waiting (partial)
 12 Breakdown
 13 It Ain't Me Babe
 14 One Too Many Mornings
 15 Mr. Tambourine Man
 16 I Forgot More Than You'll Ever Know
 17 Band Of The Hand
 18 When The Night Comes Falling
 19 Lonesome Town
 20 Ballad Of A Thin Man (inc)
 21 Listen To Her Heart
 22 Spike
 23 Tonight Will Be My Night
 24 Refugee
 25 Rainy Day Women 12 & 35
 26 Seeing The Real You At Last
 27 Across The Borderline
 28 Band Introduction
 29 Like A Rolling Stone
 30 In The Garden
 31 Blowin' In The Wind
 32 Bye Bye Johnny
 33 Knockin' On Heaven's Door (inc)
 34 Gotta Serve Somebody
 35 I And I


Ripped by Atlasstar 1-2016


Please share freely, do not convert to lossy except for personal use. Please trade with the original files after allowing me sufficient time to post on my favorite sites.



This is part of the Atlasstar Attic Treasures Series. My attic consists of thousands of cassettes collected since the 70's. I will post them in no particular order as I pull them out of the attic and convert to digital. Some of these artists I know well and collect myself, other I know little about just picked up along the way. I will provide as much info as I can but if anyone can add any insight to the recordings it would be appreciated.  If the same recording is circulating in better quality please let me know as I have no intention of polluting the trading pool.

All recordings are kept as original as possible with minimal processing. Unless noted otherwise the only adjustments made are Automatic Phase Correction, Level adjustments and cleaning of any rough or abrupt cuts.




