   Tom Petty And The Heartbreakers  - "The Kid Goes Bad"
   The Aladdin Theatre
   November 1, 2002
   Las Vegas


   SOURCE: Sony MZ-R700 (mini disc) with Sony ECM-DS70 mic > Total Recorder (wav) > CDWav > FLAC Frontend 

   EX Audience recording ... just fantastic sound (considering the rig, of course) .. really rich and nice bass bottom...
 

   Another dusty mini-disc transfer to digital, and this one is just really a real beaut friends... samples included.   Everyone was feelin' it on this night.. Jackson Browne opened 
   with a great set, as always, and I will get around to getting that up here as soon as I can... nice recording as well.  Really, really sweet performance by Tom and boys in a nice 
   sounding theatre (since torn down) ... in support of that most-excellent The Last DJ release... ah, such good memories..  

   This recording easily represents one of my best overall concert experiences, and way, way up there as one of my favorite captures in my concert recording *career*.
   I do not recall if I have shared this before... too much clutter in me mind... but if you don't recognize this torrent, you should really enjoy this recording... on a nice long
   car ride with the top down on a hot summer day. 

   I labelled this one "The Kid Goes Bad" because that actually happens, while Tom and the boys were PLAYING the actual song.. sounds crazy I know, but you'll just have to trust me.  
   Hint : I was out from Atlanta, flying solo, and I suppose had one or two too many cocktails at the pre-show Blackjack tables, and as a result, I had to run to the W/C during the song.  
   And thankfully no, I'm not the kid that went bad and no, it's not as horrific as it may sound, just an extraordinarily funny and well-timed concert moment.. I dunno, perhaps you 
    just had to be there... 


   Setlist (thanks to setlist.com)

   1. The Last DJ  
   2. Love Is A Long Road  
   3. Have Love Will Travel  
   4. Dreamville  
   5. Joe  
   6. When A Kid Goes Bad  (includes a mad bathroom dash..)
   7. Shadow Of A Doubt (A Complex Kid)  
   8. I Won't Back Down  
   9. You Don't Know How It Feels  
 10. band intros
  11. I'll Feel A Whole Lot Better  (The Byrds cover) 
  12. Like A Diamond  
  13. A Woman In Love (It's Not Me)  
  14. The Waiting
  15. Tom entertains the crowd  
  16. King's Highway  
  17. Yer So Bad  
  18. Lost Children  
  19. Runnin' Down A Dream  
  20. Can't Stop The Sun  
  21. The crowd called out for more..
  Encore:
  22. You Wreck Me  
  23. Psychotic Reaction  (Count Five cover) 
  24. The Last DJ reprise > Mary Jane's Last Dance  


   As always, thanks for your comments and please do anything you want to with this except sell it, because that ain't cool... and please credit the source if you post elsewhere..

