Tom Petty & The Heartbreakers
Oracle OpenWorld Party
Treasure Island
San Francisco, Ca
October 5, 2011

Recorded by Daspyknows

Recorded halfway between stage and soundboard right side of center aisle along the 
rail in the non VIP section 
 
Schoeps MK4 w/NBox Tascam DR100 24 Bit 48K 

Processed using Soundforge 10b, resample, to 16bit 44.1K
TLH to convert to Flac

Every year Oracle throws a customer appreciation party with a concert, free food and alcohol
for the attendees of the Oracle OpenWorld conference.  As Oracle has swallowed other technology
companies i.e. Sun Microsystems, Peoplesoft, Siebel, Bea Systems, Hyperion, etc etc etc this
event has become quite large.  The headliners also tend to be big names.  This year it was Sting
and Tom Petty.  It is held on Treasure Island and they bus 20K-40K people and there is no parking.
This is a hassle but for the 2011 lineup I was willing to go for it.  I attend the conference but
do not pay for a full admission so it means I have to find a wristband for entrance to the party.
I was able to secure a wristband and got over on one of the earlier busses with a friend and former
client.  Grabbed some food but avoided the bad beer and wine.  Its all you can drink so peopel who
don't get out much get stupid and drunk.  We were able to get a spot on the rail to the right of 
the center aisle as the crowd filled in.  Show opened with a moment of silence to homor the passing
of Steve Jobs.  This was followed by a set by Sting.  After Sting my friend bailed on me and ended
up in a corporate area with better food and drinks.  I was left to fend for myself with the drunks.
All in all a bit more chatter than I prefer but really good sound system and being in the right 
location makes this a must have.


Listen To Her Heart 
You Don't Know How It Feels 
Roll Another Joint 
Mary Jane's Last Dance 
Don't Do Me Like That  
I Won't Back Down Play 
Free Fallin'  
Fooled Again (I Don't Like It) 
Champagne & Reefer (Muddy Waters cover) 
Breakdown  
First Flash of Freedom  
I Should Have Known It  
Good Enough  
Learning To Fly  
Don't Come Around Here No More  
Refugee  
Runnin' Down a Dream  
Encore:
American Girl

 
Just the basic taper requests here and please no vitriol:
Don't be an ass by selling this or using it in a video that is sold
Don't modify the info file
Don't remaster and/or post on other sites 
Don't convert to lossy formats except for personal use
Do support the artists


If you feel so inclined help support the trackers bringing you this FREE music.