Sonic Youth, Live Skull , UT ‎– Noise New York III 

1983 07 27 Folk City, New York, NY

Show note:
Here's a quote from Guido Chiesa, and if he's referring to this gig my set list must be missing "Be Your Dog": I met Sonic Youth a few weeks after I got to New York, in the summer of 1983. Kim Gordon, serendipitously, worked in a photocopy shop on Mott Street, behind the same counter as filmmaker Sara Driver. Thurston Moore came by there too every now and then, because he was Kim Gordon's companion in life as well as in the band. The two of them knew about the Italian magazine I wrote for, because Neutral Records had received a few copies of it. In 1983, New York had only three truly undergraound bands: Micheal Gira's Swans (the successors to his Circus Mort), UT with Nina Canal, and Live Skull. In August, UT and Live Skull did a gig with Sonic Youth at the Folk City Club in Greenwich Village. I went there with high hopes, but all three groups were too confused, violent and raucous for my tastes. "Violence, " Kim told me, "is relative. If you write that we're violent, then people come to see us and expect animal sacrifices on stage. But actually, something more complicated is going on, where violence is playing an emotional role." I came out of the concert disappointed and a little flustered. It was the first time I'd heard Sonic Youth do a remake of I Wanna Be Your Dog. And it wouldn't be the last.

Transfer notes:
UT - Surgery cuts. Tape cate at the end of Shaking Hell. 
 
Label: 		Black Mask Tapes ‎– none
Series:		Noise New York (2) – none
Format:		Cassette, Unofficial Release, C90
Country:	Switzerland
Released:	1983
Genre:		Rock
Style:		Punk, Indie Rock

Tracklist
A1  Live Skull - Mr. Evil
A2  Live Skull - Tourist Trap 
A3  Live Skull - Skin Job 
A4  Live Skull - I Was Wrong 
A5  Live Skull - Live Walk 
A6  Live Skull - Boil 
A7  Live Skull - Age Of Oil & Wax

A8  UT - Exilee Goes Out
A9  UT - Sham Shack 
A10  UT - This Bliss	
A11  UT - Surgery	

B1  Sonic Youth - Burning Spear	
B2  Sonic Youth - Confusion Is Next	
B3  Sonic Youth - I Don't Want To Push It	
B4  Sonic Youth - She's In A Bad Mood	
B5  Sonic Youth - World Looks Red	
B6  Sonic Youth - Shaking Hell	
B7  Sonic Youth - Making The Nature Scene	
B8  Sonic Youth - Brother James

Lineage: Audience Master > 1st gen tape > Tascam 202MKVII > USB > CDWAV > Audacity for fades, normalization, noise reduction > CDWAVE (SPLITS) > FLAC [loughney xfer]
