Sonic Youth
Cat's Cradle
Carrboro, NC
June 23, 1997

Sony Walkman with built-in mic > cassette > PC > Audacity (volume boost, splitting, fade in/out) > WAV > Trader's Little Helper > FLAC > Foobar (tagging)

This was a largely private show for the 15th anniversary of Tannis Root, a local screen printing company in Raleigh, NC that has printed merch for Sonic Youth, Redd Kross, Pavement, Mudhoney, Polvo, and tons of other big names of indie rock for years and years (they still run Sonic Youth's US merch store to this day and you can check out the lists of artists and those bands' shirts and merch at https://www.kungfustore.com/artists/).

I think that only 150 or 200 tickets were sold to the public, and it wasn't even announced until a week before the show. I almost missed it because I was home for summer break from college, and I was out of town on a family trip when the show got announced, so I didn't find about it until two days before the show. A record store friend of mine in Chapel Hill had somehow looked up my parents’ phone number in Raleigh & left a message on their answering machine letting me know he had held a ticket aside for me at the store if I needed it. I later found out a couple of other friends had made sure to scoop an extra ticket for me too while I was basically off the grid in those pre cell phone/nascent internet days.

On my way into Chapel Hill/Carrboro, I stopped in the record store to retrieve my ticket and bought the just-released Sonic Youth “Anagrama” CD. Steve Shelley came in the store while I was buying it, but I was too star struck to say anything. The full line-up of the show was Mudhoney, Sonic Youth, and Redd Kross. Supposedly they drew straws to see what order they would play in. Mudhoney ruled, of course, but I didn't tape them because I only brought one cassette with me. Sonic Youth played second, and played a mostly instrumental set of tunes from the 1st 2 SYR EPs & songs that would be released on “A Thousand Leaves” almost a year later. Theye didn't even really talk until Thurston introduced the last song, which was the only one with vocals. Redd Kross closed out the night in fine fashion. I did tape most of their set (the second side of the tape ran out about 14 songs in), and if anyone is interested in hearing that, I can seed it too.

Sonic Youth was my favorite band at the time (ok, still is), and while I'd seen them twice before, this was the smallest venue I'd seen them play. Basically, this night seemed like the most momentous thing in the world to 20 year old me. I taped this on a Walkman with built in mics, so don't expect hi fidelity sound. The cassette sat around in my closet for about 20 years, and I finally transferred it to my computer a few years ago. Listening back now, I'm still kind of surprised at how decent it sounds. It's kind of hissy between songs, but the songs themselves sound pretty good to me, considering the low budget equipment. And for a show that was basicallty a big party where most of the crowd were invited guests, there's very little chatter during the songs. I've been meaning to post this and get it out in the world for several years, so thanks to everyone that has been flooding DIME with SY shows the past week or so for giving me a good reason to make sure this gets circulated. Enjoy!

Setlist:
01. Anagrama
02. The Ineffable Me
03. Wildflower Soul
04. Stil
05. Female Mechanic Now On Duty
06. banter
07. Hits Of Sunshine