Sonic Youth
May 29, 1998
Veterans Wadsworth Theater
Los Angeles, CA

Contrast clause:
http://www.dimeadozen.org/torrents-details.php?id=685482
This version is from a separate DAT master of the same mix and is a straight copy of the DAT with no
CDR step, DAE, or editing. An archival version of my DAT.

Ramsa mixing console  > Mackie 1402 mixer, live recording mix by Gary Davis > Tascam DA-P1 (Gary Davis) >
SPDIF coax > Sony TCD-D100 DAT (Jeff Lester) master @ 48 kHz

It's not 100% clear to me how many feeds/channels Gary received from the console to perform his recording
mix. It seems likely that he got enough individual single channels to cover all instruments, rather than his
technique called a  "Super Seven Stereo Soundboard"* where he took the FOH mix and added additional
individual channel feeds (like guitars) via aux sends or inserts. Given the text from Aaron Mullan for the
bandcamp release of May 28th and the title of Gary's video on youtube for the 30th, it seems pretty likely
that the mix was of the former flavor (14 channels). Aaron's notes for the bandcamp release of May 28th
refer to  Gary's mixer as being an Alesis that he borrowed, but my tape label notes written the night of the
29th clearly say "Mackie 1402" so I have little doubt about that.

Gary also recorded the May 28th and May 30th shows at the Wadsworth. His May 28th recording is available
to purchase from the Sonic Youth bandcamp store:
https://sonicyouth.bandcamp.com/album/live-in-los-angeles-1998

Gary has uploaded his May 30th video to youtube, using his SBD mix audio from that night.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ApByoxu0AxU

Transfer:
DAT master on Panasonic SV-3800 > SPDIF coax > Marantz PMD580 Solid State Recorder >
SD Card (via CF Card Adapter)

SD card > Adobe Audition 3.0 (no editing other than chopping lack of signal at beginning and end) > 
CD WAVE 1.98 (tracking) > Trader's Little Helper 2.7.0 > FLAC

This torrent is incompatible with the CD-Audio standard. The sound is in 16-bit stereo sampled at 48 kHz. 

Transfer by Jeff Lester
All credit to Gary Davis for coordinating the mixing board feed, creating the live recording mix, and
running my DAT deck to create this master.
August 2020

01. Karen Koltrane
02. Female Mechanic Now on Duty
03. Sunday
04. Anagrama
05. Hits of Sunshine
06. The Ineffable Me
07. Hoarfrost
08. French Tickler
09. Wildflower Soul
10. Heather Angel
11. E: Stil
12. Shadow of a Doubt
13. Death Valley '69


*Gary Davis was an L.A. taper and writer (he wrote for the L.A. independent papers the Weekly Reader 
and the L.A. Weekly) who was active on DAT-heads in the 90s. He made a number of recordings of Nels
Cline and Mike Watt in that time frame. For artists (and live sound engineers) who were amenable, Gary
would hook up a mixer to the soundboard output like a typical "soundboard" recording, but in addition
to the FOH mix he would get additional individual channels via either an aux send or the insert jack. This
would provide guitar and bass that might otherwise be lacking in the FOH mix. He would then mix live
to 2-track DAT with headphones. He described his technique here:
https://www.taperssection.com/reference/html/DIY_SuperStereoBoards/
At some point he upgraded his "Super Stereo Soundboard" moniker to "Super Seven Stereo Soundboard"
and I don't recall why, though it may have had to do with the number of feeds from the soundboard.
Sadly the DAT-heads archive has gone away.

This was the only Sonic Youth show I ever attended and recorded, which is fortunate since "A Thousand
Leaves" is my favorite Sonic Youth album. Gary had posted to DAT-heads looking for a volunteer to help him
record this show at the Wadsworth. I met Gary at his house in Culver City and we drove over to the venue
together and were allowed in early for him to set up and grab two front row seats off to the audience right
side. IIRC, he actually had the 2 seats taped off from being there the night before. The front row seats were
so that Gary could videotape the show as well. I helped Gary carry in his gear and then camped out out in
one of the seats since it was a General Admission show. I would have liked to have seen more of the recording
process in action but only really got to see it after the show when he was tearing down. I got a first generation
copy VHS of Gary's video though currently no functioning player. I'm not quite willing to loan out the tape at
this time but I am planning on getting a deck repaired and hope to share the video in the future, or perhaps 
Gary will. My DAT of opening act Fuck is riddled with diginoise and cannot be played cleanly.
