Sonic Youth - 2003 06 15 Three Rivers Art Festival, Pittsburgh, PA

Show note:
Outdoor arts festival. Review and preview from the Post-Gazette included below.

1 Bull in the Heather
2 The Empty Page
3 Catholic Block
4 Rain on Tin
5 Plastic Sun
6 Karenology
7 Shadow of a Doubt
8 Radical Adults Lick Godhead Style
9 Mariah Carey and the Arthur Doyle Hand Cream
10 Mote
11 Drunken Butterfly
12 Sympathy for the Strawberry
 encore
13 Disconnection Notice
14 Sugar Kane
 encore 2
15 Teenage Riot

Openers:
The Yards

Lineage: DAT Audience Master > CDR > EAC (WAV + CUE) > CDWAVE (splits) > FLAC

Show review:
Short Takes: Sonic Youth, Santana, LL Cool J among acts that got fans moving
Tuesday, June 17, 2003
Arts & Entertainment writers offer capsule comments on this, that and the other ...

Sonic Youth

I went to Sunday's Sonic Youth appearance at the Three Rivers Arts Festival wondering what a toned-down, family-friendly version of the band would sound like. I'm glad to say I still don't know.

They hit the ground running with "Bull in the Heather," a song that found Kim Gordon purring, "Tell me that you wanna whore me" over the just-shy-of-deafening throb of her bass as the band's three guitarists constructed a massive wall of blissed-out noise (which Thurston Moore would on occasion decorate with jagged, metallic harmonics).

And after a detour through the Byrds-by-way-of-television jangle of the uncharacteristically poppy "The Empty Page," it just got noisier and more intense from there -- from the bludgeoning punk of "Catholic Block" through Gordon screaming, "No, no, no" on "Shadow of a Doubt" as Steve Shelley pummeled away at his kit with mallets to the final encore of the evening, a transcendent "Teen Age Riot."

Other highlights ranged from "Disconnection Notice" (a cut from the band's latest album that found the players effortlessly shifting gears from blasts of sheer cacophony to moments of delicate grace) to "Sugar Kane" (a "Dirty" cut that featured Moore and Lee Ranaldo coaxing noise from their guitars with drumsticks) to an epic feedback breakdown early in the set.

The band wasn't shy about shining a light on highlights from its latest album, "Murray Street," including those already mentioned, "Radical Adults Lick Godhead Style" (with guitars that somehow howled like ghosts), a raucous, sexy "Plastic Sun" and "Rain on Tin," sent out by Moore as "a vote against fascist power." Whatever the song, though, even the moments of ripped-speaker rumble between songs, Sonic Youth (with new guitarist Jim O'Rourke) attacked its music like a band still hellbent on pushing the boundaries and harmonic possibilities of sound while making a beautiful noise together in the process.

-- Ed Masley, Post-Gazette Pop Music Critic

Music Preview: Sonic Youth
Noise-rockers on the extreme side of the Arts Festival

Friday, June 13, 2003
By Scott Mervis, Post-Gazette Weekend Editor

The folks who crowded against the stage of the late Electric Banana to watch Sonic Youth shatter the room with feedback have got to be thinking that never in their wildest dreams could they foresee the day when the kings of noise rock would be performing on the Pittsburgh Symphony stage as part of the Three Rivers Arts Festival.

Gary Hinston, who booked the show for the festival, never imagined it until he was securing the date with Wilco and the agent pitched him on Sonic Youth.

"I think it's adventurous. I think it's a little extreme," Hinston admits. "It seems heavy and further to the left of what we usually do. But it is an arts festival and we try to do everything different."

They also try to attract new people to the festival, and Hinston says he's getting calls and e-mails from out-of-towners who are planning their summer vacation in Pittsburgh around the Sonic Youth and Wilco shows.

Looking back, Sonic Youth has a pretty interesting history here. When the seminal New York band was still in its youth, it raged on for the converted in clubs like the Banana (1987) and Graffiti (1990).

Then in 1991, Neil Young landed them and Social Distortion as opening acts for his Smell the Horse arena tour. Fed up with playing to what Sonic Youth guitarist Thurston Moore called "hordes of ex-hippies," the band screeched, squalled, fought with their equipment and generally did their best to be bratty, obnoxious and ... wonderfully memorable.

When the band headlined Lollapalooza in 1995 (which stopped at the Star Lake Amphitheatre), they engineered a sonic storm around a record that wasn't even released yet ("Washing Machine") and made no concessions to the casual Lollapaloozer.

The last time here, in 2001, Sonic Youth was opening for Pearl Jam, but because of a death in bassist Kim Gordon's family, Gordon and husband Moore were last-minute no-shows. Lee Ranaldo, Steve Shelley and Jim O'Rourke rose to the occasion, thrashing through Ranaldo's songs and enlisting Eddie Vedder for covers by the Who and, yes, Thunderclap Newman.

"Wow, we've played some interesting shows in Pittsburgh," says Ranaldo, getting the recap from his home in New York.

According to Ranaldo, guitarist and founding member, the band won't do anything out of the ordinary playing an outdoor arts festival.

"We're just doing our thing," he says. "The audience occasionally is provoked, just because they're either so straight or so unused to the kind of thing we do. It's not like we set out to antagonize the audience in any way. We're just presenting our music, it's really much more innocent."

Ranaldo acknowledges that Sonic Youth has never been a band eager to play a so-called greatest hits show.

"We're usually interested in playing the most recent music," he says. "That said, we've made a pretty big effort in the last eight to 10 years to keep incorporating stuff from the back catalog and not let those songs vanish into thin air. That necessitates finding extra guitars and stuff because of all the tunings, but some of those are really fun to play, so we try to change them up."

Sonic Youth rose out of the New York avant-garde scene in the post-punk era with souped-up guitars and little interest in being a conventional rock band. After working with composer Glenn Branca, Sonic Youth made its performing debut at the "Noise Festival" in 1981 and issued a few underground records before building an intense college radio following with a string of releases on SST, culminating with the alternative-rock blueprint, "Daydream Nation," in 1988.

The premier indie-rock band then shocked its fans by signing with Geffen for 1990's "Goo," initiating a series of tighter, more song-oriented records inspired by the rumblings in the Seattle scene. Over the past few years, the band has alternated between the major-label records and experimental side projects, including a tribute to avant-garde composers, on its own SYR label.

After a departure into beat-poetry-with-guitars on the millennial "NYC Ghosts & Flowers," Sonic Youth seemed to return to its more vintage sound on last year's "Murray Street."

"We really never see the records in those terms when we're making them," Ranaldo says. "I don't know what the vintage Sonic Youth sound is. As far as we're concerned, we're always Sonic Youth and we're always making a Sonic Youth record. We just see it so much more as a continuum than a periodic thing. We're just in the studio making the next record and we don't relate it to anything other than what's going on at the moment. Our minds just don't operate that way. All of the music is part of the same fabric."

The last thing the band wants to do is over-think or over-analyze the record-making process.

"We find that the more you talk about it, the more you head off any spontaneous inspiration that might happen."

At its outset, Sonic Youth was a five-piece, but its records were all recorded as a quartet, until the addition last year of producer-composer-multi-instrumentalist O'Rourke (who produced Wilco's "Yankee Foxtrot Hotel").

"He's just allowed us to get broader in a lot of ways," Ranaldo says. "He brings a different sense of musicianship and background to what we do. More than anything else, it's interesting having a fifth person. It means everyone can ease up a little bit. There's another person helping to carry the song through, so in an odd way, we thought at first things would get denser, but they've actually gotten more spacious, which is nice."

As he talks, Ranaldo, father of three, has a sonic youth of his own competing for his attention. As he tells the toddler to "go ask Mommy," the guitarist says that despite getting older and having families, and despite 22 years and more than 15 albums together, the intensity for the band hasn't wavered.

"It's still what inspires us and what we love to do, and we're still constantly working in one form or another -- when the band can't work, we're working individually. We're still just as hopped up and ready to go as we've ever been."

