Garbage
Date: 14 November 2001
Location: Later with Jools Holland, London, England

Set list:

cd1:

01 Til The Day I Die 
02 Cherry Lips (Go Baby Go!)
03 Stupid Girl 
04 Interview with Shirley Manson


Original Source / Lineage: TV Broadcast Audio Rip.

The source for this release is a CDr recording that has recently been obtained as part of the circa 200+ private collection of Garbage Live Shows, which im presently indexing, converting to Flac and then sharing.

As such I have no other information to work with. I have no info on the original source, the taper, location or their equipment. Spectural anlaysis for several files are provided, for information.

If the native Info files are available on these CD's, then that data will be captured in the info file that are generated, for each release. If this is your original release, thank you for recording, and please advise of any further data that you may have.

There are also a number of audio cassettes to work through to, which will be addressed once the CD's have been concluded.

A huge thank you again to the original collector Jayson Kaap who gathered up all these shows over the years.

Another huge thanks again to the https://www.garbagebase.com website, which has proven to be a valuable resource for helping out with show dates, locations & track listings etc.

Any constructive / helpful comments that you may have, are always welcome.


ALWAYS, ALWAYS SUPPORT THE ARTISTS
DO NOT SELL THIS SHOW
DO NOT ENCODE TO MP3
DO TRADE IT IN LOSSLESS FORMAT


Transfer: 

CDr > Exact Audio Copy V1.6.  No other filters, effects or fades have been applied, just the CDr ripped from Wav into Flac format.

Compression	 				: Flac 1024 kBit/s 
Quality 					: High Add 
ID3 tag 					: Yes
Read mode               			: Secure
Utilize accurate stream 			: Yes
Defeat audio cache      			: Yes
Make use of C2 pointers 			: No
Combined read/write offset correction       	: 0
Overread into Lead-In and Lead-Out          	: No
Fill up missing offset samples with silence 	: Yes
Delete leading and trailing silent blocks   	: No
Null samples used in CRC calculations       	: Yes
Used interface                              	: Native Win32 interface for Win NT & 2000
Gap handling                                	: Not detected, thus appended to previous track

