Garbage
Regent Theatre, Mebourne, Australia
Thursday 24th November 2016
Recorded by eckythump from 6 rows back, left side of stage
Source: Nokia Lumia 930 (called Lumia Icon in North America) w/built-in HAAC mics > Audio Recorder Pro app > 16bit/48 KHz PCM/WAV 
Encoding: Trader's Little Helper > FLAC (Level 8)

Track List:

1. Subhuman
2. I Think I'm Paranoid
3. Stupid Girl
4. Automatic Systematic Habit
5. Blood for Poppies 
6. Shirley talks
7. A Stroke of Luck
8. Sex Is Not The Enemy
9. Blackout
10. Magnetized 
11. Special 
12. #1 Crush  
13. Shirley talks 
14. Even Though Out Love Is Doomed
15. Why Do You Love Me
16. Night Drive Loneliness
17. Shirley talks 
18. Bleed Like Me
19. Cherry Lips (Go Baby Go!) 
20. Vow 
21. Only Happy When It Rains
22. Push It 
23. Encore Break
24. Supervixen 
25. Empty 
26. Beloved Freak

Band: 
Shirley Manson (vocals)
Steve Marker (guitar, keyboards)
Duke Erikson (bass guitar, keyboard, guitar)
Eric Avery (bass)
Eric Gardner (Drums)

Show notes: Great show from a legendary band, who were apparently very jetlagged according to Shirley, but for the most part didn't show it (having flown for 30 hours from Russia I would have been too). Butch Vig was not on drums for this leg of the tour due to sinus problems and being ordered to rest by doctors. Eric Gardner was a more than capable replacement, and didn't miss a beat. 

Recording notes: For what is a beautiful theatre in the heart of Melbourne, the sound from my seat was pretty bad, poorly mixed and made it hard to hear Shirley's vocals at times. The guitar was up way too loud in the mix, and for the first time in many shows, I wish I had brought ear plugs as it was just too loud. This recording however actually sounds better than my ears heard it in the theatre, and I think the recording came out really well. with Shirley's vocals quite clear on the recording. I highly recommend downloading if you're a Garbage fan as it was a great show. Enjoy!