Garbage 
Capitol Theatre, Port Chester, NY, USA 
October 20 2018 

"20 Years Paranoid" tour

Source and Transfer: The only information available within the original info file is that this recording is a "Off the Truck Audio Soundboard". As such there are no further details available. This source first surfaced via another forum (named after stringed musical instruments and a three digit number) in late April 2026, as a small part of a much larger set of shows, all originating from the Capitol Theatre Venue.

The original audio files are enclosed and no re-authoring has occurred. The only item that has changed from the original source set of files is this info file, which has been embellished with additional details.

Notes: Shirley had in-ear monitor problems throughout the show. The show was also filmed, along with the sound check. Shirley commented that "they had brought some friend's with them to film the show, so that they could remember the show when they were old and grey". Not aware of any such video recording of this show ever becoming available, so its probably stored away in the garbage archives.

The recording / sound quality of this show is exceptional. Several Spectral & Frequency Analysis screen cap images are provided, for information purposes.

Setlist:

1 intro
2 Afterglow
3 Deadwood
4 Temptation Waits
5 Wicked Ways > Personal Jesus (Depeche Mode cover)	
6 Special
7 The World Is Not Enough
8 13 X Forever > Tired of Waiting for You 
9 Get Busy With the Fizzy
10 Hammering in My Head
11 Medication
12 Thirteen (Big Star cover)
13 Can't Seem to Make You Mine (The Seeds cover)
14 I Think I'm Paranoid
15 Sleep Together
16 Dumb
17 Soldier Through This
18 Lick the Pavement
19 Push It
20 When I Grow Up
21 You Look So Fine > Dreams (Fleetwood Mac cover)
> Encore:
22 The Trick Is to Keep Breathing
23 No Horses
24 Cherry Lips (Go Baby Go!)

Total Running Time: 02:06:25

Any constructive / helpful comments that you may have, are always welcome.

ALWAYS, ALWAYS SUPPORT THE ARTISTS
DO NOT SELL THIS SHOW
DO NOT ENCODE TO MP3
DO TRADE IT IN LOSSLESS FORMAT


