Garbage
Los Angeles, CA
Shrine Auditorium
May 16, 2019

--

Lineage: 

1. 6 IEM feeds > Multitrack Recorder. Taped by Hoserama
2. MK 4s > CMRg > tinybox > M10. Taped by MicheleVR5

--

Mixed by Hoserama
Dithered using Izotope MBIT+ 
Flac'ed using Trader's Little Helper 
Mix version 20190618

--

01 Control
02 #1 Crush
03 Stupid Girl
04 Temptation Waits
05 Wicked Ways
06 No Horses
07 Dumb
08 Special
09 Blood for Poppies
10 Why Do You Love Me
11 On Fire
12 Empty
13 Vow
14 Parade
15 Cup of Coffee
16 I ThinK I'm Paranoid
17 Cherry Lips (Take 1)
18 Cherry Lips (Take 2)
19 Push It
20 Only Happy When It Rains
21 Even Though Our Love is Doomed
22 Encore
23 Bad Boyfriend
24 When I Grow Up

--

Show Notes:
Really good and solid Garbage show. I've seen them a handful of times over the years and always enjoyed. Shirley had some good rants, particularly one about abortion about 2/3rds of the way through. I origianlly was going to see the Rolling Stones at Santa Clara a few days after this show, but when the Stones cancelled, I added this show to my schedule.

Recording Notes:
Recorded 9 feeds, but only used 6. Garbage IEM feeeds are a bit on the harsh side, plus they have a rather annoying click track. I had pretty good success removing the click track, but it's still a bit harsher than I like even after mixing. Sometimes the synth/keys are a bit too recessed in the mix too. Not my best mix sonically, but still an enjoyable recording in my opinion. 

As always, encouraging people to get into taping and mixing. Just take the craft seriously and it will reward you many times over. There's no point in complaining about missing recordings or subpar quality if you're not contributing--pushing 1's and 0's around on the internet is no comparison for taping. 

-- 

Special thanks to MicheleVR5 for the audience recording files! Also special thanks to Scooter123 for the tag-team effort!

--

IEM recordings are not for everyone. If not they're not your thing, either sonically or ethically, well at least you didn't spend any money on this. 

Similarly, I'm mixing primarily for my ears. This is what sounds best to me. This may not sound best to you. That's a fair statement. I'm open to honest criticism (although you should have caught me when I was working on the mix!), but pointless complaining is unappreciated (naturally). Let's play nice. 

-- 

Please don't sell this recording in any way - no cash for blanks, 2:1s, or any other form of "getting paid for your time". Just share it freely. 

Please don't convert to mp3, then back to wave, and then trade it around. This stuff is too easy to find on torrents now. 

Feel free to remaster/remix this recording. Just keep it to your own computer and iPod. 

Also, please don't torrent or share on other sites without at least dropping me a line and asking. I may want to just torrent/share it there myself. 

Please ask (and wait for permission!) before putting it into any matrix + video production. If you ask nicely for a quality high-res video project, I will likely say “yes”. If you put it on YouTube or cell phone video production without asking, I will send my cats from hell to chew your computer cables. 

-- 

Enjoy y'all! 
- Hoserama/Sharebear

