Garbage
Jannus Live
St. Petersburg, FL 
September 6, 2025

Lineage: 
Panasonic MM-BSM7's >Tascam DR-05X >44.1khz, 16bit wave 
>SanDisk microSD card >Audition 1.5 >wave >TLH >FLAC(level 8). 

Location: 
G.A. floor. In line with and approximately 25' from right line array. 

Taper: 
kevdogg 

Set/Track List: 
Disc One
1. intro
2. There’s No Future in Optimism
3. Hold
4. Empty
5. I Think I'm Paranoid
6. Vow
7. Run Baby Run
8. The Trick Is to Keep Breathing
9. Not My Idea
10. Hammering in My Head
11. Wolves

Disc Two
12. Parade
13. No Gods No Masters
14. Even Though Our Love Is Doomed
15. Godhead
16. Chinese Fire Horse
17. Cherry Lips (Go Baby Go!)
18. Push It
19. Why Do You Love Me
20. The Day That I Met God
21. Only Happy When It Rains
22. When I Grow Up

Notes: 
Third show of the Happy Endings tour. Shirley wasn't doing as much talking between songs and
they seemed to be on a mission to get through the setlist and in from the humid outdoor venue.
They also had a long drive to Atlanta ahead of them. This place really only sounds good within
the small area between the stage and the sound shack. When it packs in like it did this night, the
sound gets weak and muddy from the middle of the courtyard, back. St. Pete has a rowdy bunch
of Garbage fans and that certainly comes through in this recording. I found a nice spot both
acoustically and visually next to the right I-beam, between 2 quiet ladies, third head from the
front rail. Smooth sailing until about halfway through the show as the crowd had shifted around
some and a couple of female screamers set up behind me. I was running my input levels at -12db
average and I never once peaked so the screams weren't damaging, just annoying. The tape
came out better than I was expecting and I'm sure it will be to everyone's liking, considering we
didn't have DBLiveWiki in the house with his rig this time. In Audition I very gently lifted the highs
with the E.Q. and did a hard limit to -.1db with a 5db boost. I traveled several hundred miles to
these Florida shows and went right back home after each one and Garbage made it quite worth it.
They're giving 100% on this tour and it's clear to see how much fun they're having playing to their
devoted fans of 30 years. Tickets are very reasonably priced and I think everyone should take this
opportunity to catch one of the gigs and use whatever you've got to record it and share it on dime.
Let's stay hopeful that Garbage will be back in action once the music industry sorts out a way to
keep artists paid what they rightfully earn. Cover art is included in the torrent and I hope you all
enjoy the show. 
-kevdogg