Garbage
Pompano Beach Amphitheater
Pompano Beach, FL 
September 5, 2025

Lineage: 
Panasonic MM-BSM7's >Tascam DR-05X >44.1khz, 16bit wave 
>SanDisk microSD card >Audition 1.5 >wave >TLH >FLAC(level 8). 

Location: 
Section A, Row 4, Seat 8. 

Taper: 
kevdogg 

Set/Track List: 
Disc One
1. intro
2. There’s No Future in Optimism
3. Hold
4. Empty
5. I Think I'm Paranoid
6. Vow
7. Run Baby Run
8. The Trick Is to Keep Breathing
9. Not My Idea
10. Hammering in My Head
11. Wolves

Disc Two
12. Parade
13. No Gods No Masters
14. #1 Crush
15. Even Though Our Love Is Doomed
16. Chinese Fire Horse
17. When I Grow Up
18. Push It
19. Why Do You Love Me
20. The Day That I Met God
21. Only Happy When It Rains
22. Cherry Lips (Go Baby Go!)

Notes: 
Second show of the Happy Endings tour. It was a very fun performance with some false starts and missed cues.
Shirley made light of it all and that made everything just fine with everyone. She also left the stage and made her
way up the aisle on Duke's side to serenade several people in the audience during #1 Crush. It was cool to see
Billy Bush and house security scramble over to her side for the impromptu stunt but she pulled it off without incident.
Further explanation was given concerning the upcoming indefinate hiatus of the band. It definately hit home with the
audience and made for a more intense atmosphere as the reality of it set in. This came out better than my Orlando
tape thanks to a much kinder group (no screamers) around us in the "tapers section". In Audition I just slightly lifted
the highs with the E.Q. and did a hard limit to -.1db with a 4db boost. Special thanks to DBLiveWiki for attending
the long distance Florida shows and for sharing his superb recordings of them. Let's stay hopeful that Garbage will
be back in action once the music industry sorts out a way to keep artists paid what they rightfully earn. Cover art is
included in the torrent and I hope you all enjoy the show. 
-kevdogg