Alanis Morissette at Avalon, Boston, MA, October 21, 1998, audience recording

This was recorded with an Aiwa cassette recorder with stereo clip-on mic.  Maxell XLII went from Kenwood KX-58W deck into Pioneer SC-37 receiver, lined out of headphone jack into Zoom H2 (lining directly from the deck or the receiver, through the RCA output on the back, provides over-driven results).  The H2 was lined into my PC with USB cable.  All track markings, volume boost, and editing (tape flip) done with Magix Music On Audio CD & DVD program.  Flac created with Trader's Little Helper, SBE and torrent work also done with TLH.

Side One:
01 - intro
02 - Baba
03 - stage chat/crowd noise
04 - Can't Not
05 - Would Not Come
06 - Hand In My Pocket
07 - stage chat/crowd noise
08 - Are You Still Mad
09 - Sympathetic Character
10 - stage chat/crowd noise
11 - Your House
12 - One
Side Two:
13 - All I Really Want
14 - I Was Hoping
15 - Uninvited
16 - stage chat/crowd noise
17 - You Oughta Know
18 - stage chat/crowd noise
19 - Thank U
20 - Forgiven
21 - stage chat/crowd noise
22 - Ironic
23 - stage chat/crowd noise
24 - Right Through You
25 - Your Congratulations

This came out ok, though very over-driven by the bass response.  As I mess with the winamp equalizer, I find that I can make it sound very listenable.  There are a few short, blank breaks, generally under 5 seconds - there is one during "Baba,"  three of 'em during "Forgiven," and two  during "Ironic."  I'm not sure what caused that.  The last song gets cut short - I wish I'd flipped the tape over one song later on the first side, but you can hear me being told to flip the tape over...  I think Alanis was offstage by the time the tape ran out, so I'm probably not missing more than a minute or so.  This was recorded from right up front.  While there is a lot of crowd noise, it is fairly well overpowered by how loud the music was.  It was a great show, and a nice change from the last time I saw her, which was an outdoor "Jagged Little Pill" show, and, while it was pretty great, girls were screaming like Beatlemania, and it was hard to really enjoy the show.  This time, she was a few feet away.


Enjoy!