Slowdive 
University Of London, London, UK 
28-Jun-1991 

Lineage: AUD-Tape-WAV-FLAC Level 8 
Ripped from: JVC TD-W309 Double Cassette Deck to PC with Creative Labs Audigy 2 Sound Card. 
AR3 Wizard to capture audio in WAV. 
No EQ, nothing touched in the sound. I leave that for you if you want to improve sound. Feel free to do the improvements you want to do with the sound of this gig. 

Setlist: 

Slowdive 
Spanish Air 
Primal 
Catch The Breeze 
Brighter 
Morningrise 
She Calls 
Avalyn 

Got this tape in trade back in 1996-1998, don't remember exactly when. 
Excellent sound, no more no less. An incredible audience recording with clear sound. Also a superb early performance of one of the best dream-pop/ethereal bands that I have had the honour to listen in my life. 
Download the sample before get torrent so you can listen the sound quality. 
There are two rarities in this bootleg, from the first album Just For A Day: Primal (omfg what a nice version) and Brighter. Only in these early gigs these songs appeared. That gives an extra to this bootleg since in 1992 tour to promote JFAD these songs do not appear in any bootleg that I have (and I have a few). 
My personal favourite: Primal, but all the songs are excellent performed. This bootleg is a huge gem that I have found on my tape collection and i decided to share it with fellow DIME members. Enjoy it! 

Good things happen to those who say thank you, I must say. 

IMPORTANT NOTE: I am seeing that there is a lot of people only leeching my concerts and not seeding after they complete the download. Only 17 seeders when a bootleg has been snatched 93 times is just not good. This really pisses me off, so please SHARE AFTER YOU COMPLETE YOUR DOWNLOADS!!! MORE PEOPLE WANT TO LISTEN THE BOOTLEG SO HAVE RESPECT!!! 

Please be patient since my upload speed is a shame. 
Free to share this bootleg and to convert it to the format you like! Just don't distribute it in LOSSY formats. 
I ask to seed this torrent as much as it possible! At least 1-2 days!! 
And of course DON'T SALE THIS BOOTLEG!!! It is just for trading... 
Support the band buying their official albums! 

Ripped-upped by putuco-23/Apr/2007