Liam Gallagher

December 11, 2019

1. Intro (Man City Champions Chant and Fuckin in the Bushes), 2. Rock n Roll Star, 3. Halo, 4. Shockwave, 5. Wall of Glass, 6. Morning Glory, 7. Columbia, 8. Stand By Me, 9. Once, 10. Why Me Why Not, 11. The River, 12. Gas Panic, 13. Wonderwall, 14. Encore, 15. Acquiesce, 16. Roll With It, 17. Cigarettes and Alcohol, 18. Supersonic (aborted).

Track Info: Margaret Court Arena, Melbourne, VIC, Australia
Source Info: AUD>LPCM>WAV>FLAC [CA14 cardioids > (mic-in) Sony PCM-M10]
Mastering: Adobe Audition w/izotope Plug ins (Ozone & RX6), (Declick near microphone clapping, maximiser), Track split, retain 24/48; TLH (> FLAC)
Taper: roman79, ~50m from stage, elevated seats RH Corner.
Length: 77:47

Sound Comments/Faults?: very good quality, background chat is minimal, audience singing is complementary.

Show Comments: Supersonic only goes for about a minute before it is aborted when the power was cut at 11pm. Liam talks about the pending curfew a few times during the set. Stand By Me is dedicated to Australia’s firefighters. 

https://www.smh.com.au/culture/music/piss-take-fans-fume-as-liam-gallagher-s-melbourne-show-cut-short-20191212-p53j6s.html

Fans of British rock star Liam Gallagher have been left fuming after his Melbourne show was cut short midway through a song due to a noise curfew, with a blame game ensuing over who was responsible for the abrupt ending. The former Oasis frontman claimed in a tweet on Thursday morning that he was facing a $250,000 fine if he breached the curfew, calling it a "f---ing piss take" .Boos from the audience echoed around Margaret Court Arena as the music came to a halt at 11pm while Gallagher was still singing hit song Supersonic.
"Well that was a load of wank getting cut off last song," Gallagher wrote. "250 thousand dollar fine if we played over the curfew last night 250 thousand dollars 250 thousand dollars." "I mean those tunes are biblical and I’m the f---ing biblical brother but c'mon that's a f---ing piss take who ever made that rule needs to stop smoking SPICE."

Melbourne and Olympic Parks Trust, which manages Margaret Court Arena, acknowledged the "disappointing outcome for the many thousands of fans" who attended Wednesday night's concert, but suggested the blame lay with the tour's promoter, Secret Sounds. The Trust said its 11pm curfew was implemented to abide by Environmental Protection Authority Victoria (EPA) requirements, and said it worked with event promoters to take measures like lowering the volume when an event was likely to go past 11pm. "In no instance has the Trust requested a performance be abruptly finished and on this occasion tour management made the decision to end the performance at 11pm," a spokeswoman for the Trust said.

But the tour manager, Secret Sounds, said it was Gallagher's team who decided to pull the plug on the event, in fear of the potential $250,000 fine. "Curfew is curfew, so the last song of his set was cut short by his team who wanted to respect those rules and the surrounding residents. This was not carried out by the venue directly," a Secret Sounds spokeswoman said.

Another Twitter user, identified as Jon, claimed Gallagher's show started late because stadium officials wanted it to end slightly later than Elton John's show at Rod Laver Arena in order to stagger foot traffic.
