System of a Down
2022-02-04
Banc of California Stadium
Los Angeles, CA

Taper: TJ (http://ratm.live)
Taping Location: Stage Left FOB all over the place (read the notes)
Lineage: Schoeps MK4s > Babynbox > PCM-A10
Transfer: WAV > Audacity > FLAC
Length: 1:31:17

Setlist:

1. X
2. Prison Song
3. Holy Mountains
4. Mind (Intro Only)
5. Cigaro
6. Suite Pee
7. Needles
8. Deer Dance
9. Solider Side - Intro
10. Solider Side
11. B.Y.O.B.
12. Genocidal Humanoidz
13. Suggestions
14. Psycho
15. Chop Suey!
16. Lonely Day
17. Lost In Hollywood
18. Radio/Video
19. Dreaming (Middle Breakdown Only)
20. Hypnotize
21. ATWA
22. Bounce
23. Chic 'N' Stu
24. Protect The Land
25. Aerials
26. Toxicity
27. Sugar

First things first: A huge, huge, HUGE thanks to Schoepsnbox for overnighting the Babynbox to me before I headed down for this show and the one prior - the box is top notch and for those wondering if they should take the plunge or not give this a recording a listen. You won't regret it :). This is easily my best recording to date and I have Schoepsnbox to thank + Daspyknows for convincing me to take the plunge. Can't wait to use this box at more shows in the near future!

This was a wild fucking show. The second that SOAD took the stage the entire floor exploded. I was stage left for this one about midway up with my camera and got tossed around the entire pit. At one point I was 10 meters from the stage and at another point I was 40 meters from the stage and I had no control over where I wanted to be. I don't think I've been in that large of a rowdy crowd since seeing Rage at the Coliseum. As a result the sound bounces around at points but all things considered I think the recording came out pretty good. John at the end threw a drumstick that landed at my feet and I got knocked over by fans rushing to get it. Sadly I did not get it but I did score a copy of the setlist.

This recording goes out to Victims of a Down (https://victimsofadown.com/) who run an awesome System of a Down live archive. Their site is incredible and I encourage everyone to check it out and to get in touch with them if you've ever recorded System of a Down or know anyone that has.

As per my usual tagline, I run a Rage Against the Machine live archive at http://ratm.live . Please get in touch if you have any recordings of Rage Against the Machine or know anyone that taped Rage!
