System of a Down
2022-02-05
Banc of California Stadium
Los Angeles, CA

Taper: TJ (http://ratm.live)
Taping Location: Dead Center on rail, stage right
Lineage: Schoeps MK4s > Babynbox > PCM-A10
Transfer: WAV > Audacity > FLAC
Length: 1:31:15

Setlist:

1. X
2. Prison Song
3. Holy Mountains
4. Mind (Intro Only)
5. Cigaro
6. Suite Pee
7. Needles
8. Deer Dance
9. Solider Side - Intro
10. Solider Side
11. B.Y.O.B.
12. Genocidal Humanoidz
13. Suggestions
14. Psycho
15. Chop Suey!
16. Lonely Day
17. Lost In Hollywood
18. Radio/Video
19. Dreaming (Middle Breakdown Only)
20. Hypnotize
21. ATWA
22. Bounce
23. Chic 'N' Stu
24. Protect The Land
25. Aerials
26. Toxicity
27. Sugar

First things first: A huge, huge, HUGE thanks to Schoepsnbox for overnighting the Babynbox to me before I headed down for this show and the one prior - the box is top notch and for those wondering if they should take the plunge or not give this a recording a listen. You won't regret it :). This is easily my best recording to date and I have Schoepsnbox to thank + Daspyknows for convincing me to take the plunge. Can't wait to use this box at more shows in the near future!

I learned my lesson the day before and grabbed a rail spot for the entire show and I'm so glad that I did. The rail spot allowed me to get excellent recordings of all four bands and it ensured that I wasn't thrown around like I was the first night. Nothing wrong at all with a monster of a pit and I thought it was awesome to witness it but when you're trying to tape trying to survive a pit and protect the recording gear is tough. System of a Down sounded better than ever and played the same set as the night before. They sounded super tight and I hope that they continue to do shows in the future. They were such a treat to see in 2021 and 2022 and I hope that more people get to experience their live shows in the future.

This recording goes out to Victims of a Down (https://victimsofadown.com/) who run an awesome System of a Down live archive. Their site is incredible and I encourage everyone to check it out and to get in touch with them if you've ever recorded System of a Down or know anyone that has.

As per my usual tagline, I run a Rage Against the Machine live archive at http://ratm.live . Please get in touch if you have any recordings of Rage Against the Machine or know anyone that taped Rage!
