Beastie Boys  Power ToolsLos Angeles CA USA August 9 1986Sound Board Tape > Analog Audio Tape > Computer > Tracks Split with CD Wav Editor > FLAC DIME 201201. Slow And Low02. Hold It Now Hit It This recording comes from a historic performance that the Beastie Boys did at Matt Dike (of Dust Brothers & Delicious Vinyl fame)'s club Power Tools. Matt Dike had booked the Beastie Boys to perform at his club on the Saturday prior to their Monday August 11th 1986 performance at the Hollywood Palladium. However, due to problems with the sound -the Beastie Boys cut their show short. It was because of this mishap that Mario Caldato Jr. was later introduced to the Beastie Boys --- Mario would later go on to help out with Paul's Boutique then produced Check Your Head and Ill Communication.From http://www.makeshiftstudio.com/pdfs/tapeop_mario.pdf"I used to go to a club called Power Tools. It was the best club in L.A.-like a New York type club, an underground club. They had big halls and set up big art installations. Andy Warhol used to go there, and all kinds of people would show-up, actors and all these freaky people. It was a scene.I was there one night and the Beastie Boys were coming to play. They didn't have an album out, they just had a single, I think it was "Slow And Low". Me and my friends were like, wow, cause every once in a while the club would have a performance and they would stop the DJ.So these guys were up on the stage ready to perform. They had three mics and a DJ setup and were testin' the mics-one-two, one-two. DJ Hurricane was testin' out the turntables and cueing up the first record-chukka-chukka-chukka -bowm. When he hit the first note, the 808 bass sound, the whole sound system shut-off! So [the Beastie Boys] said fuck this and threw their mics down and walked off the stage.! It really sucked cause like fifteen hundred people were there. I was like damn, this PA is bullshit. It was like four speakers and a 200 watt stereo power amp, you know, like a home stereo amp. It just collapsed. The setup sucked, the speakers were on the ground [instead of raised-up]. I was so mad. I had to find out who runs this place, who owns this club. I found the owner and said, this is embarrassing, ya know your sound system just doesn't work. He said if I had the equipment I could come back next week with it. So I got some wires and some amps, I raised the speakers up. The owner was so impressed, and I got the gig."