Beastie Boys
"Turning Japanese"
(Bootleg) (Black Disc)
Country: Germany
Catalogue No.: RTT 005
Year: 1995
Label: Ride The Tiger


1  Sure Shot    
2  Shake Your Rump    
3  The New Style    
4  Flute Loop    
5  Riot Fight    
6  B.E.A.S.T.I.E.    
7  Pass The Mic    
8  Do It    
9  Brass Monkey    
10  The Update    
11  Hold It Now, Hit It    
12  Mic Jam 1    
13  Mic Jam 2    
14  Sabrosa    
15  Looking Down The Barrel Of A Gun    
16  The Sounds Of Silence    
17  Root Down    
18  The Skills To Pay The Bills    
19  Posse In Effect    
20  Egg Man    
21  Rhymin' And Stealin'    
22  Mic Jam 3    
23  Stand Together    
24  Shadrach    
25  High Plains Drifter    
26  Paul Revere    
27  Sabotage    
28  Smoke On The Water / Sabotage    
29  Put Your Head Together    


Notes: The audio tracks presented here were sourced from the Space Shower TV Special "Japan '94" which aired on April 12 1995. If you would like to see that footage it has previously been shared here on DIME please and you find it at: 
http://www.dimeadozen.org/torrents-details.php?returnto=%2Faccount-cp.php&id=324130 

Even though the video footage is high quality, I believe the sound quality present on this recording is superior to the video and worth having in and of itself. Also, present here are live renditions of "Mullet Head," "Rueben is Groovin'" and a short cover of Deep Purple's "Smoke on the Water." 


additionally 
a). "Mullet Head" is missing from the track listing on the back of the CD. 
b). "Brass Monkey" contains different lyrics to the standard version. 
c). "Hold It Now, Hit It!" is split over two tracks. 
d). "Pow" features Hurricane rhyming and is listed as "Mic Jam 2" on the back of the CD. 
e). "Reuben is Groovin'" is a song written by The Young & The Useless II and is listed as "Mic Jam 3". 

"Reuben is Groovin'" makes reference to former Beastie Boys and The Young and the Useless manager Nick Cooper and his father Neil Cooper (then owner of ROIR Records). 

The lyrics for that song: 

Nick got busted, he must've been framed. 
Jumped the train, 50 hits to his name 
The cops must've thought that he was insane 
But Neil gave the judge a lot of cocaine 

But, Reuben is Groooovin' 
He always does the penis dance 
He never gives the chicks a chance 
So go get a man like Jack Palance 

Reuben is a complex man 
Hard times don't phase him 
He always has bank on hand 
Cause? 
Reuben is Groooovin'? 

f)."Sabotage" is interrupted after the third verse with a short cover of "Smoke On The Water" by Deep Purple, which then continues to finish "Sabotage".

http://www.beastiemania.com/discog/show.php?r=bootturningjapanesecdde,bootturningjapanesecdde2

RIP Adam Yaugh
