Green Day
Billy Joe Armstrong: vocals and guitar
Jason White: lead and rhythm guitar, backing vocals
Gabrial McNair: trombone, tenor sax
Kurt Lohmiller: trumpet, timpani, percussion, backing vocals
Mike Dirnt: bass and backing vocals
Tré Cool: drums
Gillette Stadium
Foxboro, Mass.
WBCN River Rave 
May 26, 2001
FM broadcast
runtime:  44:37
setlist:
1: welcome to paradise  3:51
2: castaway  5:37
3: longview  4:01 
4: brain stew >  5:14
5: jaded  1:36
6: knowledge (sort of, without the words) 3:27
7: hitchin' a ride  5:13
8: basket case  3:10
9: king for a day  3:56
10: minority  5:40
11: star spangled banner  2:48
lineage:
WBCN 104.1 FM radio >
Yamaha 500 reciever with digital tuner and wire antenna >
Nak. BX-100 cassette deck (dolby off) >
Maxell XLII 90 min. cassette (I think it 's the master, 
may be a 1st gen, copy from another Maxell XLII tape) >
played on Nak. 300 into soundforge (wav) > 
flac (sb's aligned) > torrentially yours.
a this and that production.
Do not sell this recording.
Share freely and losslessly.
comments:
 track 6 in here is best described as the bassline to "knowledge"
with Billy talking to the crowd. it's not a real version of it
like they have done in some of their shows, doesn't seem to be a 
real song at all, but closer to that than anything else.
 the new decade was a beginning of a new era in Foxboro.
previously host of one of the most unattractive and cheesy 
stadiums ever used for the public, it was replaced with a
glorious new modern facility, just in time for Tom Brady to
elevate Sullivan/Foxboro Stadium lore into the 21st century
with the home team of both stadiums, the NFL's New England 
Patriots. In 2000, Green Day's Boston gig was at Axis (a tiny 
club) according to etree, and I believe it. Boston was very 
late on the bus for Oakland based Green Day's popularity.
but a year after playing one of Boston's smallest available 
venues, they were playing at the largest venue available in 
this area for concerts or anything else. Gilette Stadium was 
still new, and Green Day was already becoming a classic rock band.
Did I just say that Green Day became a classic rock band?
If numbers don't lie, then yes, that is what they are. 
Whether you think that's tré cool or not, Green Day was a 
huge hit with their 1994 "Dookie" album, a voice for the 
teen and 20something generation of the 1990's and 00's.
by this time they were playing in Bradyland.
 that will make up some for coming all the way from the 
West Coast to Boston for an Axis gig. Gillette stadium hasn't
exactly been paradise for acoustics (neither has Green Day)
but it has seen alot of people pass through its gates of delirium
and proven that Green Day can (and did) play in the place where U2 
and Bruce Springsteen (and probably Justin Beiber eventually) 
play when they pass through here.
 so, Green Day? Classic rock? in Boston? yes. that's what 20 years 
of nixin' and reggin' (that's not reggae, unfortunately) will do to 
young impressionable American men.