Green Day
Rod Laver Arena, Melbourne, Australia
Saturday 6th May 2017
Recorded by eckythump from 3rd row lower section right side of stage 
Source: Nokia Lumia 930 (called Lumia Icon in North America) w/built-in HAAC mics > Audio Recorder Pro app > 16bit/48 KHz PCM/WAV 
Encoding: Trader's Little Helper > FLAC (Level 8)

Track List:

00 - Intro
01 - Know Your Enemy 
02 - Bang Bang 
03 - Revolution Radio 
04 - Holiday 
05 - Letterbomb 
06 - Boulevard of Broken Dreams 
07 - Longview 
08 - Youngblood 
09 - 2000 Light Years Away 
10 - Hitchin' a Ride 
11 - When I Come Around 
12 - Minority 
13 - Are We the Waiting 
14 - St. Jimmy 
15 - Tre Cool drum solo
16 - Knowledge (Operation Ivy cover) 
17 - Basket Case 
18 - She 
19 - King for a Day 
20 - Shout (w/ Always Look on the Bright Side of Life / (I Can't Get No) Satisfaction / Hey Jude)
21 - Still Breathing 
22 - Forever Now 
23 - Encore Break
24 - American Idiot 
25 - Jesus of Suburbia 
26 - Ordinary World 
27 - Good Riddance (Time of Your Life) 

Show Notes: The second of 2 shows in Melbourne, and my first time seeing Green Day since 2005 when they played the larger football stadium here, so the "smaller" Rod Laver Arena was a sign their newer material since then hasn't matched the popularity of American Idiot (notably upper sections around the arena had black curtains around them), but the smaller crowd made enough noise for a much larger stadium, and American Idiot songs dominated the setlist, no doubt fuelled by their feelings about the current US President.

A great, and very loud show, Billy Joe made sure the crowd were on their feet from the start, and stayed there for the whole show. A great front man, the addition of extra musicians has allowed him to work the crowd more, while others take care of the guitar playing. As usual, he gets a few people up on stage to sing, which is always risky, and failed miserably on Longview, the guy he got up was terrible, and you can hear his lack of musical ability and lyrics here. Next time dude if you get up there know the words to a classic song! The girl who he got up to play guitar on Knowledge though was much better, and apparently got to keep the guitar, nice work!

All up a thoroughly enjoyable show, and I hope I don't leave it another 12 years until I see Green Day again!

Recording Notes: As I said above, this show was LOUD. I was very glad I brought earplugs, as it was high on the decibel charts. The trusty Nokia Lumia handled it without a sweat though, and captured a fine recording. There's no audience talking, because it was so damn loud no one could even if they wanted to! I think it sounds really good, and if you're a Green Day fan you'll enjoy listening to this. And if you're not a fan of the current US government, you'll REALLY enjoy the rants on tracks 4 and 5. Enjoy!