Green Day
Utopia Stage, Zeppelinfeld
Rock im Park, Nürnberg, Germany
June 7, 2024


Recorded with ZOOM H1n + Sony ECM719 Clip-on stereo Mic
Lineage: Sony Mic - Zoom -> WAV 24bit96kHz - Audacity (including Sanford Bass Tightener - Flac Lvl8

..................

01. -Intro Music-
02. The American Dream Is Killing Me
03. Burnout
04. Chump
05. Basket Case
06. Longview
07. Welcome To Paradise
08. She
09. In The End
10. When I Come Arround
11. F.O.D.
12. Know Your Enemy
13. Hitchin' a Ride
14. Minority
15. Brain Stew (with "Iron Man" intro)
16. American Idiot
17. Holiday
18. Boulevard Of Broken Dreams
19. We Are The Waiting
20. St. Jimmy
21. Give Me Novacaine
22. Jesus Of Suburbia
23. Extraordinary Girl
24. Letterbomb
25. Wake Me Up When September Ends
26. Homecoming
27. Whatsername
28. Good Riddance (Time Of Your Life)

Total Time: 2h 00min 19sec

.......................

A wild day of ups and downs. After "Royal Republic" (already shared my recording of that, great show), I went to the main stage to see Billy Talent, one of my favorites. Apparently, a few other people had the same idea and I was still waiting behind some barrier to get in when they started playing. After about three songs, I was finally in and made my way through a few mosh pits to the front of the stage. Unfortunately it was impossible to stand there as the was crowd was moving a few meters left and right per second. At some point  I found a somewhat safe spot and stayed there. After the set, a few people left, as always, so my position for Green Day was perfect and close as hell. My pictures turned out amazing. The bass was getting preeeeettttyy heavy at points, to the point of being quite unpleasant.
Before the show, Green Day played their usual music from tape, the last two being "Bohemian Rhapsody" with the entire crowd singing along, and "Blitzkrieg Bop" with a drunk bunny (?) dancing arround on stage!

One thing was quite clear: Green Day do like their pyro. As you will notice by the TONS of loud expolsions throughout the show, and all the fire in my pictures.

Lucky for you I don't know a whole lot of Green Day lyrics, but for some songs you will have to live with hearing me just as loud as Billie, especially in Holiday.

Billie stopped the performance shortly during Jesus of Suburbia because of somebody in the crowd needing medical help. Can't have been very far from me but I don't remember if I could see him or not. I don't think so.

What a great show!

I normally don't change anything on my recordings except volume corrections, but in this case, the bass seemed to come very much from the left channel and felt quite weird. I used the Sanford Bass Tightener, which reduces the stereo width of low frequencies, and the result was a much nicer listen.

Red John, September 2024