The Beatles - Ultra Rare Trax Vol. 1

Lineage : Silver>EAC>MKWshn Liberated Boot 211MB

Here's where I grabbed the review

http://www.geetarz.org/reviews/beat...rare-trax-1.htm1) 

1) I Saw her Standing There - Recorded on February 11, 1963 from "Please Please Me" session, continued from the warming-up, they start a great live performance in the studio. John makes a mistake with some lyrics and Paul makes a mistake with some bass lines. No echo effects.

2) One After 909 (take 2) - Recorded on March 5, 1963, from "From Me to You" session. Composed by John Lennon in late 50s ~ early 60s in the period of The Quarrymen (pre-Beatles). Released on LET IT BE Album in 1970, but this take is abwolutely different.

3) She's a Woman (take 2) - Recorded in September ~ October 1964. No lead guitar, piano, or additional overdubbed vocals. No fade-out at the end. Very primitive version.

4) I'm Looking Through You (Take 1) - Recorded in October 1965, from "Rubber Soul" session. No chorus made yet. Beginning with percussion, vocals on single track. No fade out at end.

5) If You've Got Troubles - Previously unreleased song. Recorded in October 1965, from "Rubber Soul" session. Ringo Starr on lead vocals.

6) How Do You Do It - Previously unreleased song by the Beatles. Recorded on September 4th 1962, from "Please Please Me" session. Prepared as a second single, but never released.

7) Penny Lane - Recorded on December 29th 1966. Basically same version as on "Rarities" album, but including dialogue and Paul's count at the beginning. And absolutely different MONO MIX!

8) Strawberry Fields Forever - They're two takes. The previously released version consists of take A&B with controlled speed, and it is also remixed. This version on this disc is take 2, with a different mix. Recorded in December 1966.

9) From Me to You - Recorded on March 4th-5th 1963, beginning with Paul's count "1,2,3,4!", no harmonica. Absolutely different.

10) Besame Mucho - Basically unreleased song, recorded on June 6th 1962, with Pete Best on Drums. A different take from the "Decca Tapes".

11) The Fool on the Hill - Recorded in September 1967. Demo version. Paul performs solo on the piano.

12) Paperback Writer - Recorded in April 1966. Beginning with Paul's count "1,2,3,4!" on the right channel. Same as the single, but different mix, no echo effects on vocals, and no fade-out at the end.

Note: This is the CD that turned the entire record industry on it's ear. In the late '80's, this (and it's companion, Vol. 2) appeared in record stores in Europe, then the USA, and it contained absolute perfect studio session outtakes of many of the Beatles hits. Nothing of this quality had EVER appeared for any artist. Naturally EMI was furious. But more URT editions continued, as well as the BackTrack series, the Unsurpassed Masters series (allegedly from the same thief who purloined this set) and many more. A case can clearly be made that the notoriety and excitement by URT caused the emergence of archival releases, box sets and other rarities packages that might never have come otherwise. URT is likely one of the most historic and important bootleg releases ever. Oh...and it's REAL GOOD too.

