The new volume of Tuned To A Natural E is complete.

After a six year absence, Tuned To A Natural E is back with volume 8. Having never compiled one of the sets myself before, my goal was to capture the spirit of the previous volumes; featuring a nice balance of different types of Beatles remixes (whether it be blends, stripped down remixes, or mashups.) As with the previous volumes of TTANE, none of the tracks on Disc 1 have been previously released. However, for the first time in TTANE history, a “bonus disc” has also been included featuring some of the very best “previously released” Beatles remixes, several of which have never been released in lossless, prior to this set. The liner notes for the most part were written by the individual remixers.

Special thanks to VM for allowing me to use the TTANE name, and for consulting with me on several of the tracks.

Enjoy!

GB.

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------

1. Intro – CC. Taken from a BBC rehearsal of “I Should Have Known Better”

2. Misery – GB. This remix combines an early take with vocals and piano from the released version, effectively resulting in double tracked vocals (split L/R) and dual guitar/piano solos during the bridges.

3. Money – CC. Here is a song that people don't remix much. I love Ringo as a drummer, but I'm also interested in what the Beatles would have sounded like with a different drummer. I did a mix for TTANE where I emphasized the difference that Jimmy Nicol made when he sat in for Ringo. In this mix I have session drummer extraordinaire Hal Blaine of the 60's wrecking crew group of LA musicians on the kit. Hal played on many Beach Boy's records. I think it makes for a wild 60's party feel.

4. It Won’t Please Me – GB. “It Won’t Be Long” and “Please Please Me” are two of my favorite early Beatles songs. Since they are both John songs in the key of E and have similar tempos, I thought it would be a fun idea to mash them up using the vocals from IWBL over the instrumental backing of PPM. PPM runs at a slightly faster speed than IWBL. However, I did not want to degrade the sound at all (my audio editor’s tempo adjustment tool creates noticeable digital artifacts), so all the synching was done manually without any speed/tempo adjustments!

5. Matchbox – Ferbeat. I always hated the piano and the sloppy production of the song, so I took out the piano and then I tried to give more presence to the song. Great performance of the fab four (love the bass & drums interplay) and I discovered some nice guitar work by John that was buried on the original mix.

6. She’s A Woman – GB. This remix combines at least two (possibly three early takes). I forget exactly what I did, but I remember taking both the instruments and vocals from one early take, and combining them with the vocals from another take. Paul’s bassline particularly stands out.

7. Can You See Me At All – Mr Bump. I've often thought Paul's You Won't See Me was a spin-off from John's Nowhere Man - there are lots of little coincidences, and not just the ooh-la-la backing vocals. I think putting Paul's upbeat vocals on the Nowhere Man backing track gives the whole thing a positive lift.


8. The Word – Camera Sparks. A remix from the MOGGs, with a lot of the tracks removed. This remix basically just features drums, guitars, and vocals.

9. Monkberry Moon Girl – TJT. “Monkberry Moon Girl" is one of those TJT goes "out there" kind of mashups that, well, you just have to listen, and works in a very strange way. It combines Paul McCartney's Monkberry Moon Delight with John Lennon's Girl.

10. You Won’t See Me – Ferbeat. I took the double tracked vocals by Paul and selected different sections here and there to made a new sounding one and mixed it with the original backing vocals. And the instrumental performance, well ... Superb!


11. Reverof Sdleif Yrrebwarts – Rafael Szot. I've always thought that Strawberry Fields Forever sounded cool reversed so I made this edit that has the psychedelic ending at the front, then a bit of take 27, then take 7 and it finishes with the intro - then everything was reversed. This way the elements of the recording appear in the same order as the single version. I've used take 7 and 27 from Sgt. Pepper's Deluxe Edition.

12. Penny Lane – VM. Left, center and right channel isolations from take 6 of Penny Lane reveal two separate piano tracks, a Vox piano and a harmonium along with various percussive sounds. The center channel vocal isolation from the cv is added to create this track.


13. Sgt. Pepper Preprise – BDJ. Sgt Pepper Reprise showcases what it would have sounded like if the Beatles had selected their rocking rhythm for the opening track of their 1967 album: this remix combines the vocals of the opening track with the instrumental of the Reprise (with some of Take 8 thrown in as intro and outro). The middle eight (lacking in the Reprise track) was carefully reconstructed.


14. Blackbird – TJT. A nice mix combining together several of the outtakes into a cohesive track.

15. Circles – Camera Sparks. I used the multi tracks from the guy who created the stereo “Escher demos” and made a fake stereo with centered vocals (the real stereo has most of the instruments on one side and vocals on the other).

16. Come Together – TJT. Combining several versions together, including some guide vocals and an unused lead guitar riff for the choruses.

17. Sun Down – Mr Bump. “"Sun King" and "Don't Let Me Down" started life as one song, and John Lennon developed two separate ones from the one basic idea. In the Get Back sessions, you can hear John playing the two tracks when they were still one. Hence, I tried to show the underlying chords of one match up with the other.


18. Mean Mr. Mustard – RubberSolof. An instrumental mix featuring mainly just fuzz bass, as well as guitars later in the song.

19. John Of Us – Paulo. I wanted to highlight John’s voice as the primary voice of the song (during the portions of the song where they both sing.) For this mix, I used two sources of the song: the remaster and the DAP bootleg, using Adobe Audition to match the speeds. I removed the vocals on the remaster during the four segments of the song where John and Paul both sang, and used the DAP bootleg for these four segments to isolate John’s voice without Paul’s. I then mixed the two together with Sound Trax multiple stereo.

20. Let It Be – Rafael Szot. Featuring the two guitar solos playing at the same time and the orchestra sounding as quietly as possible. I heard an old bootleg version that sounds bad and out of synch. My version sounds clean and everything is in perfect synch. I used the 2009 remasters of both versions.


21. I Me Mine – GB. I always wanted to hear what this song would have sounded like with all four Beatles playing on it, being that John had already left the group before the Let It Be version was recorded. I looked through the nagras and found a few really good takes that were largely instrumental, so I edited them together, and added George’s vocals from the released version.

22. Jealous Guy – Ferbeat. Without the strings, you can hear the truly wonderful piano work of Nicky Hopkins even better and a more present voice from John.

23. Lay His Head – Ferbeat. Playing with the stereo field of the song, I discover the buried backing vocals and brought them to the front. And I also highlighted the different layers of the wonderful guitar work of George. A really beautiful song.

24. In My Car – CC. Ringo's "Old Wave" album was the first album he made where he couldn't get a label in the US to release it. It only came out in Canada. I avoided the album for many years because I thought it must have been terrible. I was surprised when I finally heard it that Ringo's friend Joe Walsh actually wrote a good number called "in my car". Ringo released it as a single in 1983 and Joe released his version of the song as a single in 1987 along with a video. I liked things from both versions so I made a blend of them, using Joe's tempo. I feel it would have worked as a summer single in the US for Ringo, or in Paul's Broadsteet film where the plot could have been about Ringo losing his record deal and Paul scrambling to keep his!

25. Fine Line – VM. This remix excludes the two bridge sections of the song which results in a more straight-ahead rocking version. Sourced from the 5.1 surround tracks, the drop-outs in the vocal track on the words “courage” and “wrong” are much more evident.

26. Outro - CC. Taken from “The Beatles Cartoon Theme” from the Get Back sessions.


Bonus disc:

1. I’m Happy Just To Dance With You – Lord Reith
2. Can’t Buy Me Love – Lord Reith
3. I Don’t Want To Spoil The Party - GB
4. I Feel Fine – BDJ
5. Every Little Thing – GB
6. Ticket To Ride – Lord Reith
7. I’m Looking Through You – Mirror Spock
8. Nowhere Man – Lord Reith
9. Run For Your Life – Complete Recording Sessions Project
10. And Your Bird Can Sing – Lord Reith
11. Here Comes Someone - BDJ
12. Getting Better - BDJ
13. Lucy In The Sky With Diamonds – Paul62
14. Baby You’re A Rich Man - TJT
15. I Am Helter Skelter – Adohab
16. Gone/Gone/Gone – Paul62
17. All Things Must Pass – Paul62
18. Golden Slumbers/Carry That Weight –Csnyfan
19. The End – Csnyfan
20. Remember – TJT
21. Real Love – Lord Reith

Disc 1 – All tracks stereo except 2, 18, and 21
Disc 2 – All tracks stereo except 4, 12, and 17

Artwork by CC
