Kacey Musgraves
Palais Theatre, Melbourne, Australia 
Tuesday 14 May 2019
Recorded by eckythump from stalls left side
Source: Nokia Lumia 930 (called Lumia Icon in North America) w/built-in HAAC mics > Audio Recorder Pro app > 16bit/48 KHz PCM/WAV 
Encoding: Trader's Little Helper > FLAC (Level 8) 

Track List: 

01 - Slow Burn
02 - Wonder Woman
03 - Kacey talks
04 - Butterflies
05 - Lonely Weekend
06 - Happy and Sad
07 - Merry Go 'Round
08 - High Time
09 - Golden Hour	
10 - Die Fun
11 - Mother
12 - Oh, What A World
13 - Kacey does a 'shoey' / Band introductions
14 - Family Is Family
15 - Kacey talks
16 - It Is What It Is
17 - Kacey talks
18 - Love Is A Wild Thing
19 - Velvet Elvis
20 - Island In The Sun (Weezer cover, with Afie Jurvanen)
21 - Space Cowboy
22 - Follow Your Arrow
23 - Rainbow
24 - High Horse

Kacey Musgraves - vocals, guitar 
Kyle Ryan - guitar, banjo, keyboards, vocals 
Adam Keafer - bass, vocals 
Brett Resnick - steel & acoustic guitar 
Nathaniel Smith - cello, keyboards, mellotron, guitar, vocals 
Kai Welch - keyboards, synthesizer, guitar, vocoder, vocals 
Scott Quintana - drums, percussion, spoons, vocals 


Show Notes: Kacey's first Melbourne show, with the crowd giving her the biggest cheers I've heard at the Palais in quite some time, this was one enthusiastic audience! Case in point being Australian audiences generally like to sit at seated shows, and mostly only stand if the performer encourages it (and even then sometimes we stay seated!). Not for this show though, people stood before the first note was played, and screamed, clapped, yelled and sang for the rest of the show. A wonderful show full of fantastic songs, including a cover of Weezer's Island In The Sun, with Afie from Bahamas (the support act) joining on vocals and guitar.

Regarding the 'shoey' incident, for those who don't know what that it is, for some reason Australian audiences have started this fascination with people drinking alcohol from a shoe at performances. This ridiculous concept seemed to originate from a music festival, and it has grown in popularity ever since. In Sydney the audience called out for her to do one, which she rightly said no to, but for some reason decided seeing it was the last show of her Australian tour that she'd indulge, much to the delight of the crowd. It's a truly embarrassing thing to encourage, and why it's become a thing I'm not really sure!

Anyway, it was a great show, and judging by this audience response, give her one more good album and she's on her way to Taylor Swift stardom. I'm glad I got to see her in a theatre, because next time I suspect she tours here it will be in a much larger venue. 

Recording Notes: The Palais never lets me down, and this is another great recording. I sat a little farther back then I usually do at the Palais (only bought a ticket 2 months before the show) but the venue provides superb acoustics wherever you're sitting. I had a nice respectful audience around me. Enjoy!