Counting Crows - 1997.09.19 
Blockbuster Pavilion, Devore, CA

FTU-001 (Fuck the Underground)

“Almost Like Home”

Source: Proshot
Conversion: PRO (Master) > DVD  
Shot: PRO
NTSC or PAL: Region Free
Menus : No Menu’s, undefined chapters
Video Quality : 9
Audio Quality : 9

Comments :  

Underground, underground, underground. We all stay underground. Well not this one. 

An elusive proshot counting crows show, this DVD captures the band after their #1 
billboard release of “Recovering The Satellites”, their second album. This is from 
the days when Duritz was at his rockin’ best, Matt still had long hair and the boys 
were still a “rock” band. Recorded at the Blockbuster Pavillion in Devore, CA, Duritz 
muses that they are so close to home, and how all his friends have attended the show 
specially. He comments that it is “almost like home”, and how after around a year of 
touring, he’s ready to do just that – go home. The band are at their absolute sharpest 
here, with Dan and Dave B particularly sharp on guitars (remember when Bryson used to 
play solo’s??!!). Charlie is in the zone the whole gig, and Matt just does what Matt 
does, he kills it. Ben on drums is a great reminder of the driving force that bought 
the band from “August” to “Recovering” at the beat of a drum. 

The video itself is completely proshot. It is the entire gig, and also includes “A Murder 
of One” which has not previously circulated as audio. Part of this video (notably, “Raining 
In Baltimore”) has been available for download from annabegins.com and gives special thanks 
to “raindv” and “ehud lazine”. I did not get this video from either of these people, but if 
they filmed/acquired it somehow, then I do, of course, give them their dues. There are some 
parts in the show where the video seems to “speed up”, however nothing ever seems to go 
outta sync. 

9 years after this was recorded, it has surfaced. A good reminder of how persistent traders 
who are not part of “the inner circle” or part of “the underground” can still come up with the goods………..

I guess these shows can’t stay underground forever………

unknown - 2006



Setlist:

01. intro
02. recovering the satellites
03. angels of the silences
04. daylight fading
05. anna begins
06. children in bloom
07. goodnight elisabeth w/ look at the moon alts
08. mercury (acoustic)
09. mr. jones (acoustic)
10. omaha (acoustic)
11. raining in baltimore
12. round here w/ blue sky alts & private archipelago* outro
13. have you seen me lately?
14. rain king w/ don’t wanna love me alts
15. a murder of one w/ been to paris alts

Encore
16. wiseblood ^
17. a long december
18. walkaways 

* original by sordid humor
^ original by kurt stevenson & chris boesel

FFFFFFFF  TTTTTTTTTT  UUU   UUU
FFFFFFFF  TTTTTTTTTT  UUU   UUU
FFF          TTTT     UUU   UUU
FFFFFF       TTTT     UUU   UUU
FFFFFF       TTTT     UUU   UUU
FFF          TTTT     UUU   UUU 
FFF          TTTT      UUUUUUU
FFF          TTTT      UUUUUUU
