Shim Sham Club 
New Orleans, LA 
1999.05.03 - DVD

Source: Unknown (Audience shot)
Conversion: VHS > ?? > DVD 
Shot: AUD
NTSC or PAL: Region Free
Menus : No Menu’s, undefined chapters
Video Quality : 8
Audio Quality : 8

Comments: 

The famous yet rare 1999 Shim Sham Show. Audio from this show, presumably from the video source has started to slowly circulate, however the video has yet to see the light of day. This is an audience shot DVD, with good sound and vision. The show features first time performances of MPL, Four Days and some since unplayed covers - "Never Go Back", "When I win the Lottery", "Blue Eyes Cryin In The Rain", "Johnny Thunder" and "Always on My Mind". 

Audio versions of this gig have circulated, albeit in a different setlist order from what is listed here. Rest assured that this is the correct setlist in the correct order from a reliable source.

There has been a lot of speculation over the years that adam had said he was really drunk and therefore did not want this show traded. In more recent times, he has rarely mentioned the show itself, or his opinion on it being traded. The video is a relatively good audience shot, from somewhere above stage. For all the hype, the shopw is actually a little middel of the road -nothing spectacular but interesting all the same. 

I note that while there has been an alleged embargo on trading the show, audio tracks of "Blue Eyes Cryin In The Rain" and "When I Win The Lottery" have been available at annabegins.com (sister site to countingcrows.com) for many many years, and the cllub at which it was filmed has long since closed. 

Here it is, shim sham 1999. the show. the myth. the marvel. 


Tracklist:

01. Jumpin Jesus ! w/ Andre Carter
02. Rain King
03. Never Go back @
04. Catapult w/ adam piano solo
05. Four Days # 
06. Mrs. Potters Lullaby #
07. Mr Jones 
08. Low $ 
09. When I Win the Lottery @
10. Johnny Thunder %
11. Another Horsedreamers Blues
12. A Long December
13. "Happy B-Day Andre"
14. Blue Eyes Cryin In the Rain ^
15. Always on my mind ^
16. Goodnight Elisabeth (Almost)
17. Round Here w/ listen to me alts

! Sordid Humor
@ Camper Van Beethoven
# First time ever performed
$ Cracker
% The Kinks
^ Willie Nelson
