Counting Crows - Newport Centre, Wales - 2000 (FM)

Counting Crows
Newport Centre, Newport, Wales, UK
2000-02-25

Setlist (complete show):

disc 1 (54:37)
01 Angels of the Silences
02 I Wish I Was A Girl
03 Daylight Fading
04 High Life
05 Omaha
06 Mercury (Long Time Running / Ghost Train)
07 St. Robinson In His Cadillac Dream
08 Mr. Jones
09 Mrs. Potter's Lullaby

disc 2 (41:28)
10 Amy Hit The Atmosphere
11 Four Days
12 A Murder of One
13 Rain King (Thunder Road)
14 Hanginaround
15 Sullivan Street
16 A Long December

Artwork scans are included in the torrent.

I guess this is a recording of the broadcast of the concert by BBC Wales.
I don't know for sure since I got this show in a trade.
The sound quality is excellent! There is a little crackling noise now and then that should
not really disturb your listening pleasure. It's already on the discs I received and I
copied the discs just like they are.

FM > ? > CDr (trade) > EAC > FLAC

A few quotes from people in the audience I found on 'annabegins.com' to give you an idea of
what to expect:

"Wow. Counting Crows came out all guns blazing. A firey 'Angels....' hit us at a hundred
miles and hour and they didn't stop. Adam was in a great mood, and was quite happy to talk.
Mr. Jones was frantic, Rain King was awesome even though Adam complained about forgetting
some of Thunder Road."

"Last night was the most incredible night! Musically the band are absolutely incredible and
I thought it was a hell of a show. A huge range of songs were performed, including a new
messed up version of Mercury and Rain King with Bruce Springsteen's Thunder Road slotted in.
Hanginaround was amazing live, as were all the songs off the new album."

"Coming on to Magical Mystery Tour and then bursting in to Angels of the Silences was a
fantastic opening. Adam was on top form throughout, joking with the crowd and taking every
opportunity to get up on the monitors. Highlights for me included Amy Hit the Atmosphere,
Mercury, Rain King and Mrs Potters Lullaby."