Counting Crows Fly Seat Of Their Pants At Nissan Live Sets
Posted Fri Jul 25, 2008 12:27pm PDT by Lyndsey Parker

Sometimes it's hard to believe that the Counting Crows have not released a full studio album in six years, since 2002's Hard Candy (not to be confused with the upcoming Madonna album by the same title, of course--I'm pretty sure the Crows' disc didn't feature contributions from Timberlake or Timbaland). The Crows have become such a pop-music fixture with their Shrek songs and recurrent radio classics, they can fly the coop for six years and still have a diehard fanbase eagerly waiting for them when they return. I'm not even sure a venerable pop survivor like Madonna could pull that off.

Yes, it seems like the Crows are untouched by time--unlike, say, the aforementioned Madonna, they see no need to radically reinvent themselves by undergoing drastic makeovers of any kind. Visually, they're still a likeably ragtag bunch of grungy everymen (I admit I didn't recognize any of them when I showed up to their Live Sets dress rehearsal) fronted by the quite recognizably Sideshow Bob-bobbed Adam Duritz. Sonically, as evidenced by their new album Saturday Nights And Sunday Mornings, they still traffic in hooky, mildly angsty coffeehouse/bookshop pop. Hey man, if it ain't broke, don't fix it.

Oh, and it definitely ain't broke. As I said, tons of fans were excited to see the Crows play their rare Nissan Live Sets private show--it might have been the most crowded Live Sets taping ever, in fact--and the band was ready to deliver.

During their rehearsal, Adam was really working the (imagined) crowd, playing to an empty room like it was a beyond-capacity arena: standing on monitors, crouching in a brooding fetal position on the stage floor, bobbing and weaving maniacally just like he did in the Crows' iconic "Mr. Jones" video with his arms and dreads flailing.

Adam's definitely a music lover down to his core (look at the roster of cool bands he's signed to his own record labels, like awesome undersung powerpoppers Gigolo Aunts, for proof of that), and that totally came through during this 100-percent-committed trial performance. And he was in fact so compelling, so charismatic, it was suddenly understandable how he'd managed to snag such past celebrity girlfriends as Courteney Cox, Jennifer Aniston, Mary Louise Parker, and Boston Legal's Monica Potter.

Anyway, after the rehearsal, it soon became clear that Adam wanted to test his ability to charm an audience and work a room. See, sorry to kill some of the Hollywood magic here, but most of the time when an artist does the mandatory Live Sets Q&A, it's all pretty staged. Or at least semi-staged. The questions are submitted to management in advance for approval (so a Live Sets artist like, say, Sheryl Crow, doesn't get blindsighted with any off-the-cuff questions about, say, Lance Armstrong). And then once the prescreened questions are given the thumbs-up by the artist's manager, the questions are assigned to pre-selected fans, who rehearse the questions to time their delivery just right. Well, this is how it usually goes down. But Adam was having none of it.

No, Adam wanted a completely unscripted, completely impromptu Q&A. He basically wanted to conduct the Q&A like a town hall meeting, allowing un-mic'd spectators to shout out random questions without warning. As he explained his master plan to the Live Sets production crew, I could see their faces blanch and eyes widen deer-in-headlights style.

"But someone might ask you a question you don't want to answer!" one concerned crew member declared.

"Well, then, I won't answer it," Adam shrugged. "TRUST me, I know how to handle a crowd."

That, my dear readers, is the understatement of the year. The Live Sets crew were foolish to doubt this wise wisecracker. Once the fans filed in and the Q&A session began, Adam truly was a master of crowd control--part preacherman, part Tony Robbins-esque motivational speaker, part standup comic, and all rock star. Sure, the guy proved he's still a fab frontman during the live performance segments, but his real talent may lie in public speaking, judging from his two Q&A sessions. The production peeps might have been at their wits' end running around trying to film and mic the fans, but Adam, one of those dynamic selling-ice-to-Eskimos types, was always witty, witty, witty.

Expect to see Adam Duritz running for president some day. (Just look how presidential he appears in he photo above!) Until then, let's hope another six years don't pass before the Counting Crows put their next album.