Now i am fully awake , 3am bedtimes dont agree with me anymore , heres my thoughts on the Liverpool Echo show 8th July 

After a three hour journey via Sheffield to pick up a couple of fellow Crows fans and dear friends  ( Darren and Karen ) we arrived in Liverpool and met up with a Crowstown folks from all around the world , John from Glasgow , Donnacha from Ireland and Craig all the way from somewhere in the middle of America , all three were standing and thought they would need to que early to get front row , being older and wiser we decided to leave them in a coffee shop and explore the wonders of the Albert Dock area and the Tate Gallery 9 nothing wrong with a bit of culture , especially when it rains on a typical English summers day . 

After the gallery it was time for some food and a few beers in the Pump House , where we met Graeme who had journed from Portugal via his home in Glasgow just to see the Crows and paid three pound for a taxi from his carpark to the pub when i could see the car park from my seat in the pub !!!!!!!!

On to the Crows show , the arena is nice and new but no different to any other multi purpose venue , i was hoping for better acoustics as it had only just opened .

Having managed to buy tickets because of a cock up at the venue a week before they went on sale we sat in block one only two rows behind the VIP ticket holders who paid £125 per ticket .

We had been told that an extra support act had been added , not sure of her name or how long she played as we only caught the end of her set , nothing special but i am sure she sounds alright in a small club type venue , then came the Hold Steady  who went down well and are currently the darlings of the UK music press ,i even read a review which implied they upstaged the Crows , not bad but i wasnt that familiar with their music to get into them fully , the couple infront of us left after they played !!!! It was 9pm before they left the stage which didnt bode well for the hoped long Crows set .

Just after 9.30pm on walked the Crows to the normal lean on me intro and played the following :


Omaha : a strange choice of opener and i am not fully sure if they intended to start with this or was a last minute change because of the late start , not the best version i have seen them play , it lacked the interaction it usually gets from the crowd when played mid set .
Hard Candy : came next , now i like this song live but after the Hard candy and FAG tours when it was layed to death i am getting a little fed up with it , the effort ( especially from Jim ) was put into this song but the sound especially the bass was distorted and i was starting to fear that after all the years away it was only going to be a mediocre show .
Hanging Tree : i like all the first half of the new cd so i was glad this was included but it suffered the same sound problems as Hard Candy 
Recovering the Satellites : one of my all time favourites , the sound improved on this and the crows approved as well 
Perfect Blue Buildings (w/ Sometimes it snows in April & Millers Angels alts) : nice lesser played song from August which a lot of the older fans loved with nice alts and vocals from Adam .
Cowboys : nice performance and decent guitars on this one .
Good Time : one of the highlights of the night , i have heard this one many times live and this was as good as any , more guitar lead than usual and a certain Immy excelled on this one , would have been the best song of the night , but that was still to come .
High Life : faultless , i dont play TDL much but i love the songs from it live 
Angels of the Silences : electric full blown rocker , the crowd loved this , watching the young lady infrony of me headbanging to this made my night , as good as i have ever heard any Crows song live , perfect , loud and proud , the sound spot on , the crowd singing and bouncing it was like 1997 all over again , almost made me wish i still had hair !!!!! 
When I dream of Michaelangelo : it made sense to follow Angels with this one as there are so many connections with the two sets of lyrics .
Los Angeles : i know its an old song that didnt make whichever cd the first time round , but its one of the few new songs  havent seen live and i loved it .
A Long December (w/ brief bit of A Murder of One) : another song like Hard Candy that is played to death , it was Adams only visit to the piano and went down well and sounded fresh and revitalised .
Come Around : another of the new songs i like live , having seen it a few times last year in America i was looking forward to this one and after a suprisingly loose start the sound tightened up and the song went down well.
Mr Jones : love it or hate it , this is the one the crowd waited for and it was a great way to finish the main set with a rocking sing along version.
---------
Meet on the Ledge(Fairport Convention) time was already running out , curfew was approaching and i didnt want a cover , but its a nice song which i do like and Adam deliverd it so well , the small single drum was wheeled out ready for the next song , the obviously didnt have the time to play it , whatever it was to be and the drum was sent back !
Holiday in Spain : nice song and the usual way to finish these days , the only sad thing is this meant the end .

So theres my long winded review , we had a quick look around after to see if any fans were waiting to see the band , we had a long journey home so we left , not sure if the band even came out , but i know at least one good friend of mine from Crowstown had a few beers with a Mr Bryson backstage .

A nice show , way too short , possibly the shortest non festival set i have seen them play , compared to the 21 songs in Belgium , 75 minutes just isnt enough , OK for a festival or double bill , but after five years away i expected more , nothing wrong with the set but when it fits nicely onto one cd its too short ! The sound early on was a little off which may have been the echo from the venue which was only two thirds full at best , why they insist on playing arenas is beyond me , its the fourth time i have seen them in an arena on non has ever been close to full , i was told the sound was better further back , i am looking forward to the promised return in December , lets hope its not just London and non of the venues have arena in the name ( unless its Nottingham ) , good to see the band i love playing England again , i am always pleased to see them , a little let down by the length of the set , venue and sound , but a good solid mixture of old and new which i would give a 7/10 .
