Encoded by FLAC v1.1.4a with FLAC Frontend v1.7.1

Counting Crows Wireless Festival Hyde Park July 6th 2008

Recording by kevtic

Source - Sound Professionals Standard Cardoid Microphone with Sharp MD.  Audacity was used to transfer to PC.

As no other sources have appeared so far then i've decide to upload this but I hope there are better recordings
out there and are just taking time to surface. So to the story of this recording.

I took my mini disc along to hyde park on Sunday with the intention of taping it. My policy is usually that taping takes 2nd place
to me enjoying the show so if I don't have somewhere to place my minidisc player then I either don't bother or let it record and see 
what comes out. So on Sunday we got about 20 feet from the stage to the right but with the crowd being so tight i couldn't put the MD 
on the ground which is what I usually do when recording, I tried attaching the mics to my jacket but with the crowd tightly packed and 
people pushing in and out this wasn't going to work either so i kind of gave up and put the mics in my inside pocket but left it recording 
thinking it would be crap and I would get a recording from someone else.

Now having listened to it all the way through it's not as bad as I first feared but there is a fair amount of rustling sounds where I've moved and the 
jacket's rubbed against the mics. There is also a whole lot of chatter and bad singing (some of which I'll admit to).

So the guys on Crows Town persuaded me to upload this and until something better appears this is better than nothing but only just.  If another recording
does arrive then I'd ignore this one.

I'd give this a B-, C+ rating.

1. Le Ballet Dor
2. Have You Seen Me lately
3. Hangin Tree
4. Mr Jones
5. Colour Blind
6. Cowboys
7.Good Time Intro
8.Good Time
9.Anna Begins
10.Round Here
11.Washington Square
12.Big Yellow Taxi
13.A Long December
14.Rain King / Its all right /Thunder Road
15.Blues Runs The Game
16.Hard Candy
17.Meet On The Ledge
18.Holiday in Spain
19.Outro