April 20th 2013
Colston Hall, Bristol, United Kingdom


Location: Row 9 stall seats on right hand side of venue. About 15 meters from the stage
Source: iPhone 4S W/Four Track App (Recording to WAV)
Lineage: iPhone 4S > Transferred to laptop via iTunes W/USB Cable > Fade In/Out & Tracked in Audacity > FLAC (L8) in TLH

Taper: Adam Grant (Adamness): adamness@live.co.uk

This is my first attempt at recording a concert, overall i'm pretty impressed at how it came out.
As the source explains this was recorded on an iPhone into WAV format using the 'Four Track' app. I hadn't originally planned on recording the show, waiting in the queue for the doors to open I decided to take a quick look for anything that would allow me to record into WAV on an iPhone, with the help of the other half we managed to find an app that would do this. I was a bit dubious about recording on an iPhone, thinking that the internal mics wouldn't give good results. 

Adam came on stage to introduce the support act Lucy Rose, I managed to record his intro and the first 2 minutes of her set for testing, the test came out good so I decided to tape the full show. I only wish I had recorded Lucy Rose' full set.

The show itself was incredible and an improvement over the last show i saw at the O2 Academy in Newcastle back in 2009. Adam's voice seems to have improved since then and the entire band seemed to be in such a good mood during the concert, definitely worth the 600(ish) mile round trip from Newcastle to Bristol

No EQ has been done to the recording seeing as I'm a novice at recording I wouldn't know where to begin with EQ stuff.



Setlist:

01. Intro
02. Sullivan Street (Summertime Blues alts)
03. Untitled (Love Song)
04. Mrs. Potter's Lullaby
05. I Wish I Was A Girl
06. Hospital
07. Black and Blue
08. Mercy
09. Omaha
10. Daylight Fading
11. Mercury
12. Friend of the Devil
13. Round Here (Private Archipelago & Come Outside alts)
14. Le Ballet D'Or
15. Big Yellow Taxi
16. Goodnight L.A.
17. A Long December (A Murder of One alts)
18. Hanginaround
19. Encore Break
20. Rain King
21. Holiday in Spain
22. Outro