Counting Crows
Live at the O2 Academy, Newcastle Upon Tyne, England
Tuesday November 4th 2014


Taper: Adam (Adamness : adamness@live.co.uk)

Source: iPhone 5S with attachable Zoom iQ5 Stereo Condenser Mic. Recorded into the Zoom Handy Recorder app with Digital Mic Gain turned on, recorded at 90degree stereo.

Lineage: Recorded to WAV format (1411kbps) on the iPhone, transferred to iTunes via usb cable, tracked and fade in/out added using Audacity.

Taping Location: Balcony Seating, 3rd Row Slightly left of center.



Notes: This was my 3rd time seeing Counting Crows and my 2nd time taping them, last time seeing/taping being their Bristol show in 2013, kind of neck and neck as to which show I prefer. That being said the band were on brilliant form for this show, the crowd were incredibly enthusiastic and the band seemed to absolutely love it.

Adam seemed to spend a lot of time during instrumental breaks talking into a wired mic at the back of the stage, I've no idea what the hell he was doing. Both Start Again and Anna Begins, during Anna instead of starting from scratch the band kept playing and Adam just restarted the verse.

Children in Bloom features an extended band only outro which went on for some time as Adam had left the stage to change his T-Shirt.

Lucy Rose opened the show (I've recorded her set too), she and a couple of her band mates came on stage during Hanginaround to provide backing vocals, sharing Dave Bryson's mic, however even on the night they weren't heard through the PA (at least I couldn't hear them)

At one point, I actually can't remember when, I nearly dropped the phone/mic - luckily this doesn't seem to have been picked up on the recording.

I've done no editing, eq'ing or anything at all to this recording (apart from tracking and fades). I'll be honest I wouldn't know where to start. If anyone would like the original WAV file please let me know and I'm sure that can be arranged.


Setlist:

01. Lean On Me Intro
02. Sullivan Street
03. Scarecrow
04. St. Robinson in His Cadillac Dream
05. Mr. Jones
06. Colorblind
07. Start Again (False Start)
08. Start Again
09. Anna Begins
10. Good Time
11. Dislocation
12. Hanging Tree
13. Children In Bloom
14. God of Ocean Tides
15. Big Yellow Taxi
16. Adam Speaking (My Time is so Fucked Up)
17. Blues Run The Game
18. Adam Speaking (We Speak the Same Unspoken Language)
19. Earthquake Driver
20. A Long December
21. Cover Up The Sun
22. Hanginaround (With Lucy Rose & Friends)
23. Encore Break
24. Palisades Park
25. Rain King
26. Holiday in Spain
27. Band Intros & California Dreaming Outro


** Feel free to share this recording elsewhere. Remaster it, if you feel the need to. I just ask that you give credit to myself if you seed it anywhere else.  Don't ever sell this recording. Support Counting Crows by buying their official releases. **