Counting Crows

2014 11 11: Roundhouse, London, UK

Gear: Core Sounds Cardioid Stereo Mics-->Edirol R09HR (fully manual settings)-->SD Card (recorded as 16 bit/44.1 khz WAV files)-->
Gold Wave for Volume Maximisation-->CD WAVE for editing/track splitting/track naming/converting to 320kbps mp3's (for iPod
listening; not in this download), converting to FLAC level 8 (for this download), and for saving the original WAV files (not in this download).

Taped from approx 3 feet stage right (house left). 

Taper: Randall Higgins. 

Notes: Probably the second best show of the half a dozen I saw this tour (the best being the opening night in Birmingham). Many setlist changes over the two night
London stand, but nothing that had not been aired on the earlier UK shows this month. The crew seemed to have abandoned the whole putting on 
cowboy hats for the duration of Cover Up the Sun, which I thought was a nice touch in terms of illustrating the genuine affection that seems to exist
between the band and their long-time employee road crew. They must keep them on retainer all year round and pay them whether they are on the road
or not. My friend James from Belfast, who has missed the last couple of UK tours (2009 and 2013), but saw a shitload of shows in the 2002-2004 neverending
"Hard Candy That Morphed Into Films About Ghosts Tour" [trademark: me!] , mainly with me, remarked, upon seeing reliable Billy Thompson still doing backline: "I'm 
surprised he's still here!" Which kinda speaks volumes regarding the crew. 

It was nice to hear "A Murder of One" again, although the Leicester version, which had the "Doris Day" improvs, was better. Unfortunately I had some technical 
difficulties that rendered my recording of the Leicester show non-existent. 

A special mention must be attributed to this gig's performance of "Children in Bloom". I have seen this song live a few times, but it was never, ever as impressive live
onstage when compared to it's studio counterpart. The ultimate "Children in Bloom" was always the album version, to my ears.

Until this gig.

My God. It was stunning. Adam just bailed off-stage altogether for 5 minutes (longer, even?), while Immy and Dan just traded off the solos to one another. 
It was almost like they were throwing a ball to each other. Dan's guitar is always louder in the mix at any of their shows-even if you're standing in front of Immy's 
amp, but Immy's slide-guitar solos were breathtaking and perfectly audible; if a little lower in the mix. Immy was truly the star of this song this night. He ended up
front and centre, eyes closed, just *totally in the moment*...sweating, bending his body with the notes...it was a treat for the ears...Dan did his parts and solos, too; 
don't misread my intent, but Immer simply *shone* on this number this night...and he shines most of the time onstage, but this...this was just extraordinary.

Needless to say: I think I finally heard a live version of this that is superior to the album version! Even the 'casual fans', who attended the gig just to hear 'the hits'
went fucking apeshit at the end of "Children in Bloom" this night.

Alright...as Marti De Burgi once said: "enough of my yakkin'"

As always. do as you will with this recording. I ain't precious.

Rands


