Counting Crows
2014-11-14
Heineken Music Hall, Amsterdam, Netherlands

1. Time and Time Again
2. Scarecrow
3. Four Days
4. Elvis Went to Hollywood
5. Mr. Jones
6. Black and Blue
7. Start Again (Teenage Fanclub cover)
8. Omaha
9. Possibility Days
10. Mrs. Potter's Lullaby
11. John Appleseed's Lament
12. Miami
13. God of Ocean Tides
14. Goodnight L.A.
15. Big Yellow Taxi (Joni Mitchell cover)
16. Blues Run the Game (Jackson C. Frank cover)
17. Earthquake Driver
18. A Long December
19. Cover Up the Sun
20. A Murder of One
21. Palisades Park
22. Rain King
23. Holiday In Spain 

lineage: AUD by Jerry(19)70 (20 m from stage, 5 m left of centre) > M-Audio Microtrack II > WAV 16/44.1 > Audacity (hard limit on applause, normalize, fade-in at beginning, fade-out at end, split into tracks) > TLH > FLAC 8

My wife wanted to see this and I didn't think it would bother me too much (unlike some funk music in her collection) so I went with her (I don't think she would go alone, by the way). I have to admit I enjoyed it more than I thought it would so it was a fun night after all. The music is still a little too 'American' to me - the rock and roll a bit too predicatble and everything was very polished, even the heavier bits sounded clear. I prefer music a bit rougher and unpredictable. I also have a problem with the overdose of lyrics sometimes sung in weird vocal lines. I prefer more instrumental passages.

We were at the wheelchair platform (my wife is in a wheelchair), which was at the back of the arena, before the seated area, elevated so that when I had my coat on the railing and my mic attached to my coat, the mic was above half a meter above the audience's heads. So although we were at the back of the arena, I still got a good sound and I am happy with the results. Still a few talkers at my right near the end of the concert, but nothing too distracting.

The HMH is a good venue, sounds is very good almost every time I've been there. The mix was a bit too heavy on the highs during the first song to my taste, but that got better shortly after.

Anyway, whatever your taste in music, I had fun, my wife had a great night. What's not to like?

Enjoy!
Jerry(19)70
