Well, I'm finally getting around to digitizing my 700+ cassettes (at my wife's insistence--she wants them out of the house), so I'm going to start posting some goodies here. I taped many a show in the Toronto area from the late '80's to the late '90's, and also recorded a lot of radio broadcasts, mostly from CFNY, 102.1 in Toronto. Hope you stumble across something you like, or even a show you were at!

addendum: I have had many comments about the fate of my tapes, so for those worried about them...the masters I am boxing up and storing in my parents' basement. The others (mixed tapes, recorded LP's, etc) are getting tossed. My wife is not evil or insensitive--we live in a small place, and the many boxes were getting in the way.  This is something I'VE wanted to do for awhile, as well.  She just gave me the push. Oh, and she doesn't have shelves of makeup, or hundreds of shoes, no matter what stereotypes you care to buy in to. Her comic collection, however....


Swervedriver--Lee's Palace, Toronto, Jan. 30, 1992

Interesting show for Swervedriver, as their drummer couldn't get into the country, and they had to find a last minute replacement.  Some of the songs fall apart due to this, and the end with a few covers.  They discuss doing "Paranoid", which sadly didn't happen, but the Stooges covers are certainly cool. 
Interesting side note to the show--we were standing in the club, and ended up chatting with a guy near us, who looked vaguely familiar.  Nice guy, knew his music, let one of us bum smokes off him.  Turned out it was Paul Raven of Killing Joke fame, who was living in Toronto at the time and working with Raggadeth. I was saddened to hear of his passing many years later. 

Lineage: aud master from Sony Walkman>M audio sound card>wav>flac  editing with CDWav

Track Listing:
01. replacement drummer announcement
02. Sunset
03. Sci-Flyer
04. Wicked Game (Chris Isaak cover)
05. Sandblasted
06. Deep Seat
07. Rave Down
08. She's Beside Herself
09. Son of Mustang Ford
10. Looking At You (MC5 cover)
11. Down in the Street (Stooges cover)
12. T.V. Eye (Stooges cover)

Enjoy!

This is number 74 in an ongoing series. 