Patrick Droney
British Summer Time
Hyde Park
London, UK
June 26, 2022

Recorded by Daspyknows 
Back rail Diamond VIP in dead center
Schoeps MK41 BabyNbox Tascam DR-2D 24 Bit 48K

Processed using Soundforge 13, resample, to 16bit 44.1K 
TLH to convert to Flac 

Master 2022.054

Posted set list is 5 tracks but I have 6.  No idea which is correct

01. The Wire
02. Stand and Deliver
03. Ruined
04. Yours in the Morning
05. High Hope

Since this was a non-Stones show I arrived a bit later at the Diamond VIP entrance and still was able to secure the preferred spot which was the back rail dead center.  For me this day was all about seeing Robert Plant & Alison Krauss and a bit less so the Eagles.  My feeling about the Eagles is their music is great, their performances are technically exceptional, but the shows lack emotion.  Planned to record the 3 opening actus just because that’s what I do.  
The first act was Patrick Droney.  It was a fine set and didn’t mind it.  That said, there was nothing in the set that had me checking where and when he was playing next.  That is how I typically view a set of music with an artist I am not familiar with. Fortunately, it was very relaxed and not at all crowded.  
Next up was a band called CAM.  Another band that was OK but wouldn’t seek them out to go again.  The highlight was a really nice cover of Patti Smith’s Because The Night.  The sound was good, so the recording is nice for those who are fans.
The third act was Little Big Town.  Again, they were OK but nothing particularly memorable musically.  It was all easy taping from where I was, and it was an enjoyable day in London so nothing to complain about.  The cynic in me was saying this was all going too well.  Something was bound to happen later.
By the start of Robert Plant it was getting a bit more crowded and a few more drunk annoying people around.  The Plant & Krauss set was really good with a mixture of Plant and Krauss material, covers and new arrangements of Led Zeppelin songs.  Battle of Evermore and Rock and Roll were the highlights for me.  Robert Plant can still bring it and Alison Krauss has an amazing voice.  With a great band behind them this is one of the top touring acts of the summer in my opinion.
After the set the area started to fill in and it seems we had the idiot magnet turned on.  Was with a fellow taper and during the Eagles set we had a drunk father and son push their way into our space and the son sort of got into it with us.  They left after a bit and were replaced by a short couple who talked loudly.  Just as I was going to nicely ask them to STFU the other taper asked them to move up which they did but they were still loud.  After their drinks were empty they left and were replaced by the father and son who were even more inebriated and obnoxious.  All the while the Eagles were playing a solid set of their hits.  It was a good and very well played set although as expected lacked the emotion that some acts can generate playing live.  Deacon Fry returned to join in for a few songs as did John McEnroe.  Not quite Bruce Springsteen or David Grohl joining Paul McCartney in my opinion and his appearance added little to the performance.  By the end of the show the father and son were being particularly annoying, so the other taper moved away a bit.  The father starts trying to whistle to the music but is too drunk and is making up his own tune.  My friend who I am traveling with reaches the breaking point and asks the father nicely to stop trying to whistle.  That was not received well, and he started getting in my friend’s face.  Then the son got involved and was pushing him and threatening to knock his teeth out.  It was escalating fast so even though I was taping I went and got security’s attention. Soon there was a crowd of security involved.  Even with security there and multiple people telling security who was instigating the conflict these two aholes kept trying to start something.  Security is fully deployed and I am attempting to record in the middle of this while encouraging security to bounce these clowns.  Finally, as the show ended security walks them one way and all of us the other way.  As I leave, I go to turn off the recorder and see the dreaded file error message.  I have a zero-byte file and so I put that reorder with its card away and left it until I home to see if I can attempt recovery.  Unfortunately, the file ended up being garbage.  Glad I brought backups of everything.

Just the basic taper requests here and please no vitriol: 
Don't be an ass by selling this or using it in a video that is sold 
Don't modify the info file 
Don't remaster and/or post on other sites that are not 100% free 
If shared keep info file intact but create a second file 
Don't convert to lossy formats except for personal use 
Do support the artists 