Led Zeppelin
National Boxing Stadium
Dublin, Ireland
March 06, 1971
Transferred and Presented By KRW_CO

Lineage:  Audience 3rd Generation Cassettes>DAT>Sony PCM R-500 DAT>Creative SoundBlaster X5 Soundcard (Fiber Optic; 16/48kHz)>Soundforge Audio Cleaning Lab (for track marking/volume adjustments/editing)>.wav (16/48kHz)>Traders Little Helper (Flac; Level 8)

The Band:

John Bonham:		Drums
John Paul Jones:	Bass, Organ, Mandolin
Jimmy Page:		Guitars
Robert Plant:		Vocals


Set List:

01:  Tune Ups
02:  Immigrant Song
03:  Heartbreaker
04:  Since I've Been Loving You
05:  Black Dog (w/Out On The Tiles Intro)
06:  Stairway To Heaven
07:  Dazed And Confused (includes; Mars The Bringer Of War)
08:  Going To California (cut)
09:  What Is And What Should Never Be (cut)
10:  Moby Dick
11:  Whole Lotta Love (medley includes; Boogie Chillen', Suzie Q, Some Other Guy, Jam, Honey Bee, Sugar Mama Blues, Needle Blues, The Lemon Song, That's All Right Mama
12:  Communication Breakdown (includes; It's Your Thing/Bass Solo)
13:  C'mon Everybody (cut)
14:  Rock And Roll (cut)

We had a 2nd generation cassette we were reviewing and compared it to this 3rd gen DAT that we have posted before (however that one had a CD-r in the lineage, and this one doesn't) which was better quality.  If you have a 1st generation copy of this show, or are aware where the master tapes currently are, please reach out to the e-mail address, below.  Thank you.

If you have master or known generation recordings that you would like assistance having transferred and presented here, please contact us via email at krwcoarchiving@gmail.com .

Please consider visiting our YouTube channel to find these recordings available in full, live concert video, interviews, and more.  Your free subscription would be appreciated.  This helps the YouTube algorithm bring our content to more people which hopefully can lead us all to finding more recordings to be shared. Please note this channel is not monetized, meaning no YouTube revenue is accepted.  Link: https://www.youtube.com/@TherealKrwcoPresents

We would appreciate that you do not profit off these recordings that are being shared for free.  If you purchased this recording, please understand that you can easily get this for free, along with many others.  Go to your search engine and search "live music torrent site" and you will have plenty of options to choose from.

Thank you and enjoy!  KRW_CO
