Led Zeppelin
City Hall,
Newcastle, England
November 11, 1971
Analog Master Transferred and Presented by KRW_CO

Lineage:  Audience Analog Master>Nakamichi DR-1 (w/manual azimuth adjustment)>Creative SoundBlaster X5 Soundcard (24/96 kHz)>Soundforge Audio Cleaning Lab (track marks, volume adjustments, edits)>.wav (16/44.1 kHz)>Traders Little Helper (Flac, level 8)

Gear:  ITT KB SL 52 Cassette Recorder with an unknown make/model plastic external mic affixed to the armrest of the seat.

The Band:

John Bonham:      Drums
John Paul Jones:  Bass, Organ, Mandolin
Jimmy Page:       Guitars
Robert Plant:     Vocals

Set list:

01:  Tune Ups
02:  Immigrant Song (w/Mr. You're A Better Man Than I)
03:  Heartbreaker (w/Bouree)
04:  Black Dog (w/Out On The Tiles Intro)
05:  Since I've Been Loving You
06:  Rock And Roll
07:  Stairway To Heaven
08:  That's The Way (tape flip edit @ 00:47:39:18)
09:  Going To California
10:  Tangerine
11:  Dazed and Confused (w/Mars: The Bringer Of War)
12:  What Is And What Should Never Be
13:  Celebration Day (tape change edit @ 01:34:27:10)
14:  Communication Breakdown (w/It's Your Thing)

This show first surfaced in the late 1990's with only one tape which contained the show up through "Celebration Day".  This tape has resided in the United States, ever since.  Several years later, the taper found another tape which contained "Communication Breakdown".  KRW_CO recently acquired the first tape, containing the bulk of the show and later got in contact with the taper ("HR") who kindly sent over the other tape to us from the United Kingdom, so all available recordings from this show could be transferred on the same deck, and presented in 24/96 kHz.  There was a total of three cassettes used to record this show.  One C90 with the majority of the show, one C60 with "Whole Lotta Love" recorded on one side of it which has been lost for several decades, and a C30 which contained "Communication Breakdown". Photos of the two cassettes are included in this torrent.  KRW_CO would like to thank HR for recording this show, and working with us to help reunite these tapes so this could be shared with all of you.

If you have master or known generation recordings that you would like assistance having transferred and presented here, please contact us via email at krwcoarchiving@gmail.com .

Please consider visiting our YouTube channel to find these recordings available in full, live concert video, interviews, and more.  Your free subscription would be appreciated.  This helps the YouTube algorithm bring our content to more people which hopefully can lead us all to finding more recordings to be shared. Please note this channel is not monetized, meaning no YouTube revenue is accepted.  Link: https://www.youtube.com/@TherealKrwcoPresents

We would appreciate that you do not profit off these recordings that are being shared for free.  If you purchased this recording, please understand that you can easily get this for free, along with many others.  Go to your search engine and search "live music torrent site" and you will have plenty of options to choose from.

Thank you and enjoy!  KRW_CO
 