Incubus
September 4, 2015
Reno Event Center
Reno, CA

--

Lineage:
7x IEM Receivers > Multitrack Recorder (24bit/44.1k)
Taped by hoserama

Mixed, Produced, and Mastered by Hoserama 
Aligned in Adobe Audition 
Mixed in Nuendo 4, using extra waves, Ozone, Slate plug-ins 
Dithered using Izotope MBIT+ 
Flac'ed using Trader's Little Helper 
Mix version 10

--

01. Intro
02. Nice To Know You
03. Anna Molly
04. Circles
05. Absolution Calling
06. Are You In
07. Sad Sick Little World
08. Vitamin
09. Trust Falls
10. In the Company of Wolves
11. Wish You Were Here
12. I Miss You
13. Love Hurts
14. Pardon Me
15. Megalomanic
16. Dig
17. Warning
18. Calgone
19. Drive
20. A Crow Left of Murder

--

Show Notes:
Solid show by Incubus. My 3rd time catching them since first show in 2004. Not a huge favorite of mine, but always enjoy their sound and live show. Good energy level.

Recording Notes:
Pretty heavy click track on couple feeds. I was able to filter most of it, but you'll hear some of it remaining. I do wish there was more of a drum presence, but can't win them all sometimes (unless I can snag the multitrack off the soundboard). Moderate amount of crowd noise, but an audience recording could help fill it out. All and all, it's a pretty clean and clear recording of the show. 

Difficult recording to get good balance between guitar and vocals. I did some tricks but sometimes its a moving target. 

IEM recordings are not for everyone. If not they're not your thing, either sonically or ethically, then snag another recording of this band to suit your sensibilities. 

Similarly, I'm mixing primarily for my ears. This is what sounds best to me. This may not sound best to you. That's a fair statement. I'm open to honest criticism (although you should have caught me when I was working on the mix!), but pointless complaining is unappreciated (naturally). Let's play nice. 

--

Please don't sell this recording in any way - no cash for blanks, 2:1s, or any other form of "getting paid for your time". Just share it freely. 

Please don't convert to mp3, then back to wave, and then trade it around. This stuff is too easy to find on torrents now. 

Please do not attempt to remaster/remix this recording and spread it around. This has been heavily processed, and if you want to do your own mix, go get the wireless recordings (good luck) and do it yourself from scratch. 

Also, please don't torrent or upload on other sites without at least dropping me a line and asking. I may want to just torrent it there myself. Please ask (and wait for permission!) before putting it into any matrix + video. If you ask nicely, I will likely say “yes”. 

-- 

Enjoy y'all! 
- Hoserama
