Incubus
San Francisco, CA
Chase Center
September 12, 2024

--

Lineage:

Multiple Wireless Receivers > Multitrack recorder @ 24bit 44.1k
Recorded by Hoserama

Schoeps MK4s > Babynbox > PCM-A10 (24/48)
Recorded by TJ (https://ratm.live) + Lil Tendies

Mixed by Hoserama
Mix version 20240920

--

01 Intro
02 Nice to Know You
03 Circles
04 Wish You Were Here
05 Just a Phase
06 11am
07 Blood on the Ground
08 Mexico
09 Warning
10 Echo
11 Have You Ever
12 Are You In?
13 Under My Umbrella
14 Aqueous Transmission
15 Encore
16 Anna Molly
17 Karma, Come Back
18 Come Together
19 Pardon Me
20 Drive

--

Show Notes:
Solid show by Incubus, 20 year celebration of "Morning View" which was performed in full front-to-back for the main set. Missed some stuff from rest of their albums, but makes sense considering MV was highlighted. 

Recording Notes:
Mix of 5 IEM feeds, some nice stereo effects work by the DJ, should be fairly clean and clear. Drums feel a bit like they were recorded in a 50 person club, but just how they mic'ed it. Thanks to TJ for the audience recording, which really helped fill out the crowd noise between songs.

--

As always, encouraging people to get into taping and mixing. Just take the craft seriously and it will reward you many times over. There's no point in complaining about missing recordings or subpar quality if you're not contributing--pushing 1's and 0's around on the internet is no comparison for taping.

--

IEM recordings are not for everyone. If not they're not your thing, either sonically or ethically, well at least you didn't spend any money on this.

Similarly, I'm mixing primarily for my ears. This is what sounds best to me. This may not sound best to you. That's a fair statement. I'm open to honest criticism (although you should have caught me when I was working on the mix!), but pointless complaining is unappreciated (naturally). Let's play nice.

--

Feel free to distribute this recording, either in FLAC or 256kps (or greater) mp3. Just include this info file along with the files.

Feel free to remaster/remix this recording. Just keep it to your own computer and iPod, and do not redistribute.

Please do not remaster or use this audio for any video project or personal youtube/soundcloud/etc page. It's considered offensive to take the audio/video and co-opt that hard work without permission. Especially folks that "remaster" the audio, while overloading and distorting the audio. If you want to remaster the audio...go back to the original recording and do your own (with taper permission!)

While it's released for free on the internet, and I can take no real action if somebody takes the audio, I ask that you honor this simple request. After all, the only logical alternative to stop folks co-opting the audio is to simply stop releasing material on the internet, and just restrict it for sharing with other tapers. Be a part of the solution, not the problem.

--

Enjoy y'all!
- Hoserama/Sharebear

