Ryan Adams
2012-02-01
Music Hall
Kansas City, MO

Source: Schoeps MK4 > Naiant Tinybox > Olympus LS-10 @ 48 kHz / 24-bit
Lineage: 48/24 WAV > Audacity 1.3.13 (split tracks, lower volume on crowd - applause, normalize, resample to 44.1 kHz, dither to 16-bit) > Traders Little Helper (convert to flac - level 7)

Setlist:

01 Oh My Sweet Carolina
02 Ashes And Fire
03 If I Am A Stranger
04 Dirty Rain
05 ~ banter ~
06 Winding Wheel
07 Sweet Lil Gal
08 ~ banter / impromptu snippet ~
09 Invisible Riverside
10 Everybody Knows
11 "Oh, F*** Me, It's Raining" (impromptu song)
12 Firecracker
13 Let It Ride
14 The Rescue Blues
15 Please Do Not Let Me Go
16 English Girls Approximately
17 "My Badger" (impromptu song)
18 Chains Of Love
19 Two
20 Lucky Now
21 ~ banter "cobradoodle" / Wonderwall intro ~
22 Wonderwall
23 ~ banter / New York, New York abort ~
24 New York, New York
25 ~ banter / 16 Days abort / impromptu snippet ~
26 16 Days
27 ~ banter / "Thank You Song" ~
28 Come Pick Me Up
29 ~ encore break / return banter ~
30 When Will You Come Back Home?
31 Sweet Illusions




Review from Kansas City Star:


In a night that covered more than two hours and encompassed 21 songs, including hits, rarities and fan favorites, the most memorable song may have been the one that didn’t even exist when the concert began.

Mistakenly hearing a fan’s song request as “My Badger,” alt-country singer/songwriter Ryan Adams immediately composed a tune about his new pet badger Admiral. Containing references to the USS Enterprise, Mariah Carey and “Glitter” and the perils of domesticating wild animals, it was the “Iliad” of improvisation. The song contained four verses, a chorus and whistled bridge. It probably would have featured a drum solo if Adams weren’t the only performer onstage.

“My Badger” wasn’t the only spontaneous song during Wednesday’s performance at the Music Hall. The off-the-cuff material provided a nice contrast to Adams’ less-than-uplifting lyrics and allowed the singer to poke fun of himself as well. Another impromptu number summed up the timbre of Adams’ catalog: “Well (expletive) me, it’s raining.” 

In the past, detours like these could have easily derailed the performance. This current solo acoustic tour is an artistic showcase. Everything in the carefully crafted song arrangements and selections is designed to display Adams’ songwriting abilities. 

While Adams is a divisive performer and personality, there’s no question he has chops. A beautiful “Oh My Sweet Carolina” set the mood perfectly. Later, Adams gave a stripped-down reading of his post-9/11 hit “New York, New York” on the piano, placing the familiar song in a new context. 

For most of the evening, Adams was seated on a chair in the center of the stage with two red, white and blue Buck Owens-style acoustic guitars within arm’s reach. A notebook of song lyrics lay on a monitor at his feet. The low red lighting kept most of Adams’ face in shadow as he bent over his guitar, delicately finger-picking and strumming.

The set list contained as many songs from Adams’ first solo album, 2000’s “Heartbreaker,” as his most recent, last year’s “Ashes and Fire.” In a way, the night had the same flaw as the album. Taken individually, every song was exquisite, but together they started sounding similar.

Varying tempos would have helped, but even upbeat numbers like “Firecracker” were slowed down. The songs that best fit the mood were the gentle “Please Do Not Let Me Go” and a haunting reinterpretation of Oasis’ “Wonderwall.” The sole number from Adams’ days in Whiskeytown, “16 Days,” was another standout.

Although stacking mid-tempo numbers left a steady stream of fans in and out of the theater, those who remained were pin-drop quiet during each song. Between numbers they shouted requests and egged on the singer’s eccentricities. 

There was nothing that would have converted an undecided listener, but after two frustrating concerts at the Uptown Theater over the years, the devoted finally got what they came for … and then some.
