Filter
"My Long Walk to Florida"
The Palace Theatre
Gainesville, FL
September 24, 2002

Attention:
Tracks 15-21 are from the Hard Rock Live performance in Orlando, FL on September 26, 2002.
An incomplete recording included as a bonus disc.

Source:
CSB mics >Sharp MT-90 >Sony minidiscs.

Transfer:
Minidisc masters >Sony MZ-E40 >MonsterAudio 1/8" stereo cable >Tascam DR-05X 
>44.1khz, 16bit wave >SanDisk 32gb microSD card >Audition 1.5 >wave >TLH >FLAC(level 8).

Taper: 
dunebug81 

Transfer/Mastering: 
kevdogg

Set/Track List:
Disc One
1. World Today
2. Hey Man Nice Shot
3. Dose
4. American Cliche
5. The Best Things
6. My Long Walk to Jail
7. You Walk Away
8. It's Gonna Kill Me
9. Where Do We Go From Here
10. So I Quit
11. Take a Picture
12. Jurassitol
13. The Missing
14. Welcome to the Fold

Disc Two
15. preshow ambiance
16. It's Gonna Kill Me (outro)
17. Where Do We Go From Here
18. So I Quit
19. Take a Picture
20. Jurassitol
21. Welcome to the Fold

Notes:
These are the last 2 shows that Filter played before Richard Patrick went to rehab, just 2 days later.
Nothing goes awry and the performances are excellent with a lot of haphazard screaming from Rich.
As far as I'm aware, this is the initial release of these tapes. The taper is liquidating his massive
collection of master recordings and I was fortunate enough to grab these Filter discs before they
were scattered to the winds and possibly never released. As for the bonus disc 2, the taper's
batteries weren't full enough to capture the entire show but everything he did get is on there.
After So I Quit(Gainesville), there's some guitar action of Ain't Talkin' bout Love, Eruption and
Sweet Home Alabama. Their display of how they'd "suck as a cover band". Good stuff. As for the
transfer, the raw tapes sound pretty good. I only increased some of the highs where I felt necessary,
applied hard limit to -.1db with a 3db boost and placed fades at start and end of both discs. I hope
this reaches all the diehard Filter fans out there and perhaps inspires the release of more unheard
Filter/NIN/AoA tapes. Cover art is included in the torrent. Please continue to support the artists by
attending their shows and buying official merch and releases. Attend and record every show you can.
-kevdogg
