Jewel
Majestic Theatre @ Brooklyn Academy Of Music, Brooklyn, NY (USA)
[this is an audience recording of an Mtv Unplugged taping]
May 7, 1997

Core Sound Binaural mics > Sony D7 DAT
taper: smores
transfer from DAT master: KRW&CO

setlist:
1. tuning/intro
2. Enter From The East
3. A Boy Needs A Bike (Ride Away)
4. Satellite
5. You Were Meant For Me
6. Down So Long
7. Foolish Games
8. Who Will Save Your Soul
9. Last Dance Rodeo
10. -stage adjustments-
11. Down
12. -stage adjustments-
13. Foolish Games (take 2)
14. -stage adjustments-
15. You Were Meant For Me (take 2)
16. Last Dance Rodeo (take 2)
17. -stage adjustments-
18. Fragile Flame
19. Just Passing Time
20. Don't
21. Too Darn Hot [Cole Porter]
22. Angel Standing By (aborted)
23. Angel Standing By

notes from Smores: one of my favorite shows I have ever been to. In April/May 1997 K-Rock (WXRK) radio in NYC was giving away tickets to tapings of Mtv Unplugged performances. If you won, you got to choose which taping you'd like to attend (I remember Fiona Apple, The Wallflowers and Jewel, though there may have been more). I won and chose Jewel. The thing was that what we didn't know was that they were actually taping 2 episodes that evening. The first was Maxwell. The place was packed and Maxwell did his thing- which, I believe was released as an official CD. I can only assume that other radio stations were giving away tickets too, since Maxwell fans weren't generally listening to WXRK. However, after his 2 hour set, the audience starts filing out. We were there to see Jewel and in order for the theatre to look full they asked us to move up to the first couple of rows to fill in the seats. It took an eternity for them to do a set change and Jewel didn't come on until soooo late. It was a Tuesday night and people were leaving throughout her performance- not because she was bad, but because it was so late. We stayed though. She played about an hour for the taping, re-did a couple of songs for the taping, and then played a few songs that were not meant for broadcast. I don't usually speak when I am taping, but there were some long breaks of set adjustments and tuning for the benefit of the production taping and a couple of times we added some commentary with the guy sitting next to us. They did eventually air this performance on Mtv and during one of the cuts to break as the camera pans out, you can see us sitting in the second row. What a night.  

This show is another from the collection of Smores who is working to get many old shows transferred and uploaded for others to enjoy. Some of these shows are seeing the light of day after all of these years- some for the first time since they were taped! 
He is currently searching for ANY:
Warrior Soul
Saigon Kick
Tegan and Sara
Filter
Porno For Pyros
Rose Tattoo
Wildhearts
Sinead O'Connor
Veruca Salt
or Antigone Rising shows.
He is also trying to track down leads to UNCIRCULATED Foo Fighters, UFO, Saxon or Nine Inch Nails MASTERS. 
Please contact him on DIME if you can help. Thanks.