Mammoth WVH
Sacramento, CA
August 26, 2023
Ace of Spades

Lineage:
1. Multiple IEM Receivers > Multitrack Recorder (24/44.1k)
Taper: Hoserama

2. Tascam DR-2D (Internals) (16/44.1k)
Taper: bigdigs26

Mixed by Hoserama
Dithered using Izotope MBIT+
Mix Version 20230903

--

01. Mammoth
02. Mr. Ed
03. Epiphany
04. I'm Alright
05. Talk and Walk
06. Miles Above Me
07. Horribly Right
08. You'll Be the One
09. Like a Pastime
10. Stone
11. Think It Over
12. Distance
13. You're to Blame
14. Take a Bow
15. Another Celebration at the End of the World
16. Don't Back Down

--

Show Notes:
Solid enough performance by Mammoth WVH. I will admit that I'm not a big fan of WVH...think he needs a dynamic front-man singer. Clearly a handful of talented musicians, but need that extra spark to create a great show. Still, just my opinion. If you're a fan of Mammoth WVH, this should be a nice treat.

Recording Notes:
Mix of multiple IEM feeds plus an audience recording in the front row. Nice stereo spread on the band, and then crowd noise putting you right in the front. There was click track on the original feeds, which I was mostly able to remove. However, you might hear some leftover.

--

As always, encouraging people to get into taping and mixing. Just take the craft seriously and it will reward you many times over. There's no point in complaining about missing recordings or subpar quality if you're not contributing--pushing 1's and 0's around on the internet is no comparison for taping.

--

IEM recordings are not for everyone. If not they're not your thing, either sonically or ethically, well at least you didn't spend any money on this.

Similarly, I'm mixing primarily for my ears. This is what sounds best to me. This may not sound best to you. That's a fair statement. I'm open to honest criticism (although you should have caught me when I was working on the mix!), but pointless complaining is unappreciated (naturally). Let's play nice.

--

Please don't sell this recording in any way - no cash for blanks, 2:1s, or any other form of "getting paid for your time". Just share it freely.

Please don't convert to mp3, then back to wave, and then trade it around. This stuff is too easy to find on torrents now.

Feel free to remaster/remix this recording. Just keep it to your own computer and iPod.

Also, please don't torrent or share on other sites without at least dropping me a line and asking. I may want to just torrent/share it there myself. This means you, guitar101!

Please ask (and wait for permission!) before putting it into any matrix + video production. If you ask nicely for a quality high-res video project, I will likely say “yes”. If you put it on YouTube or cell phone video production without asking, I will send my cats from hell to chew your computer cables.

--

Enjoy y'all!
- Hoserama/Sharebear
