Goo Goo Dolls
Lincoln, CA
Thunder Valley
April 6, 2024

--

Lineage:

1. Multiple IEM Receivers > Multitrack Recorder @ 24bit 44.1k
Recorded by Hoserama

2. Tascam DR-2D Internal Mics @ 24bit 48k
Recorded by bigdigs26

Mixed by Hoserama
Mix version 20240417

--

01 Dizzy
02 Home
03 Slide
04 Big Machine
05 Black Balloon
06 Here is Gone
07 Miracle Pill
08 Smash
09 January Friend
10 Yeah, I Like You
11 Going Crazy
12 Sympathy
13 Name
14 Naked
15 So Alive
16 Come to Me
17 Run All Night
18 Life's a Message
19 Bringing On The Light
20 Better Days
21 Broadway
22 Iris

--

Show Notes:
Never seen Goo Goo Dolls before, so no idea how this show stacks up for them. Seemed solid performance from the audience, sounded good. If you like the GG Dolls, give this one a listen.

Recording Notes:
Nice stereo mix of four IEM feeds. Recorded eight feeds, but only ended up using four of them. There was a nice DONK DONK DONK metronome on all of the feeds. I've removed most of it, but you may hear some remnants of the metronome or the periodic counts/cues. 

--

As always, encouraging people to get into taping and mixing. Just take the craft seriously and it will reward you many times over. There's no point in complaining about missing recordings or subpar quality if you're not contributing--pushing 1's and 0's around on the internet is no comparison for taping.

--

IEM recordings are not for everyone. If not they're not your thing, either sonically or ethically, well at least you didn't spend any money on this.

Similarly, I'm mixing primarily for my ears. This is what sounds best to me. This may not sound best to you. That's a fair statement. I'm open to honest criticism (although you should have caught me when I was working on the mix!), but pointless complaining is unappreciated (naturally). Let's play nice.

--

Please don't sell this recording in any way - no cash for blanks, 2:1s, or any other form of "getting paid for your time". Just share it freely.

Please don't convert to mp3, then back to wave, and then trade it around. This stuff is too easy to find on torrents now.

Feel free to remaster/remix this recording. Just keep it to your own computer and iPod.

Also, please don't torrent or share on other sites without at least dropping me a line and asking. I may want to just torrent/share it there myself. This means you, guitar101!

Please do not remaster or use this audio for any video project or personal youtube/soundcloud/etc page. It's considered offensive to take the audio/video and co-opt that hard work without permission. Especially folks that "remaster" the audio, while overloading and distorting the audio. If you want to remaster the audio...go back to the original recording and do your own (with taper permission!)

While it's released for free on the internet, and I can take no real action if somebody takes the audio, I ask that you honor this simple request. After all, the only logical alternative to stop folks co-opting the audio is to simply stop releasing material on the internet, and just restrict it for sharing with other tapers. Be a part of the solution, not the problem.

--

Enjoy y'all!
- Hoserama/Sharebear
