Garth Brooks
highmark Stadium
Orchard Park, NY
July 23, 2022

24 bit version

A Poignant Pros recording by }{eywood
Gear / lineage: CA11s > Tascam DR-08 > USB > Adobe Audition 1.5 (EQ, normalization, splits & fades) > Xrecode III (flac 8)

OK this is one of mine, so it's time to listen to }{eywood rant again.

Let's begin by saying I do not like country music.  It's music for the lowest common denominator.  Most of it is simple and uncomplicated to sing or play (unless you're the soloist).  It's feel good singalong music, and I prefer more out of my listening experience.

That being said, I gave this a chance because I consider Garth the biggest rock star of country.  His biggest influence as a performer is KISS, and being that this was a stadium tour I went to see a show.  Anything in a stadium is gonna be good. I'm also familiar with a lot of Garths work, and I like the more southern rock songs like The Thunder Rolls.  I absolutely love hearing live versions of Unanswered Prayers.  The one on Double Live is impressive for its audience participation, and the Triple Live version is even more so.  Tonight's show was no disappointment where that song is concerned.  Also, despite it being nearly 90 degees and very humid, the kind of weather where you are moist all the time and your clothes stick to you, Garth's voice was in top form.  He sounded as good as he does on record.  The band was in good form as much as I could tell.  

Which brings us to the problem.  The crowd was so fucking loud I could hardly hear the band most of the time.  They sang EVERY song as loudly as Unanswered Prayers, and every breath they took that wasn't singing was exhaled as a WOOOOOOOOOOO.  Garth comments several times throughout the show:  "It's like this all the time here huh?" "you guys are gonna keep this up all night aren't you?" "we have singalong songs in our set, and The thunder rolls is not a singalong song.  Tonight it was a singalong song!"  Garth loved the audience, and listening to the tape you might as well, but trust me being there was no fun.  I'm writing this on Monday morning and my left ear is still dull from the woman next to me hooting the whole concert (on this tape she's on the right; my mics were backwards).  What you don't hear on this tape are the woman behind me, the one on the other side, and all the ones around them all wooooooing in slightly differnt notes that caused a dissonance that eventually gave me a terrible headache.  Honestly I don't see how anyone heard the music when they were all singing so loud.  I felt sorry for the band, because anytime anyone took a solo, well, pretty much anytime there wasn't singing going on, the audience just yelled over it.  I think it's pretty ignorant of an audience to carry on so much...some of us paid a lot of money to hear the band, not your off key warbling.  You could have heard the music from the parking lot and sang along as loud as you wanted without disturbing those of us who wanted to hear the band.

Which brings us to my final complaint:  No one was in any hurry to get into the show.  They were content to party in the parking lot, and it caused an hour long delay in the show.  Buffalo got the shortest setlist of the tour so far (most cities got 35 songs, sometimes 40.  we got 28) because the stadium didn't fill up quickly enough.  Doors opened at 5, show time was 7.  At 6:30 I walked right in.  No line at all.  7 minutes car to seat.  The stadium was about 1/3 full.  They let the support act on and the place was half full after he played.  More delay.  About 8:20 Garth went on, and he was gone by 10:35.  To everyone complaining Buffalo got a short set: It's your fault.  Maybe if you had put the beer down and got the fuck inside we'd've gotten a full set.

Also, Garth letting his wife take over the last 20 minutes of the show is the first thing I'd've cut from the setlist when time got short.

If not for the audience this would have been one of the better concerts I've seen.  Not as good as Beyonce / Jay Z, but up there in the top 20.  But because of the deafening continuous rowdy screaming I will never go to another country show again.

This was recorded from the front row of sec 236.  Nothing in front of me but the roof of the box seats.  the mics were tied to the railing in front of me with the wires taped down and my shirt over the recorder laying on the roof.  This put the mics in front of the screamers, so luckily you get only about 10% of what I heard.


01 All day Long
02 Rodeo
03 Two of a Kind, Workin' on a Full House
04 The Beaches of Cheyenne
05 Two Pina Coladas
06 Alabama Clay
07 banter
08 Fishin' in the Dark
09 Papa Loved Mama
10 banter
11 The Thunder Rolls
12 Unanswered Prayers
13 banter
14 Make You Feel My Love
15 That Summer
16 Ain't Goin' Down ('til the Sun Comes Up)
17 banter
18 The River
19 band intros
20 Callin' Baton Rouge
21 band intros
22 Shameless
23 band intros
24 Shout
25 banter
26 Friends in Low Places
27 band intros 
28 The Dance

29 Ain't No Sunshine
30 Night Moves
31 The Courage of Love
32 We Shall Be Free
33 Wrapped Up in You
34 If Tomorrow Never Comes
35 Shallow (with Trisha Yearwood)
36 She's In Love With the Boy (Trisha Yearwood)
37 banter
38 Walkaway Joe (Trisha Yearwood)
39 Standing Outside the Fire (Trisha still on stage)

BTW, I really wish I could delegate who gets the money when I buy a ticket.  I've always hated that I help opening bands that I don't like at all by giving them a part of my money.  Now at this show I'd have no problem with paying Mitch Rossell, but if I could I'd make sure Trisha Yearwood got nothing for showing up.  I did not come to hear her, and she has her own career.