From http://www.remtimeline.com:

26 November 1981 - First Avenue Club, Minneapolis, MN

set 1: Romance / Sitting Still / Mystery To Me / Carnival Of Sorts (Boxcars)

set 2: Ages Of You / There She Goes Again / Pretty Persuasion / Stumble / Permanent Vacation / Gardening At Night / 9-9 / Windout / That Beat / Wolves, Lower

encore: White Tornado / Radio Free Europe / Skank

notes: Set 1 is incomplete, probably missing the first six songs, as it seemed to be standard to play 10 songs per set.

From an interview by David Fricke with Peter Buck on 15 November 1990 taken from The Rolling Stone Files book (pg. 114): "Minneapolis was very good to us from the beginning. We played to twenty people on Thanksgiving 1981, and every one of them came up to us afterwards and invited us to their house for a party". From the tape I've heard I think he's accurate in his crowd count.

Despite Peter's fond memories, there still seems to be a lot of heckling occurring through the show. During 'Mystery To Me' Michael adds 'Go home yourself!' and also 'Trying to look so cool/I Bet you think the Clash are really boss'. Before 'Permanent Vacation' he adds 'We ain't faggots, we're Georgians'. During '9-9', half the audience seems to invade the stage, and some person can be heard howling into the microphone. When the song is over, Michael can be heard to say 'who the fuck are you?'. After 'Windout' he then says 'if anyone else wants to dance on stage you have to ask first'.

As if Skank wasn't an unusual song already, on this occasion Stipe's lyric consisted of the phrase 'The opposite of plethora is dearth' for the most of the song, but not before someone in the audience managed to scream into the microphone 'come to Ann Arbor, Michigan!'.

In an interview a year later, Michael and Peter claimed that they accidentally hurtled themselves towards the drums, resulting in the drums, Bill, Michael and Peter all falling 10 feet off the stage onto 3 unsuspecting people, who being hardcore, loved it. Michael then claimed they stole Peter's shoes and made him sign them. Whether this is true, or something made up during a dull interview you can decide. Unless it happened before the show started being recorded, it isn't audible to my ears! 