R.E.M. - Friday's, Greensboro, NC, 6th November 1981 [Dream Remaster]

Source Soundboard [Via Bootleg CD T.G.I.F]

Track List:-

Set 1: 
01 - Intro ''Welcome To Friday's, It's Friday, We Might Be In Tune''
02 - Just A Touch 
03 - Burning Down
04 - Ha [We Get Paid For It] a.k.a. Us And You 
05 - Shaking Through
06 - [Don't Go Back To] Rockville 
07 - Stipe Noises & Chat
08 - There She Goes Again 
09 - Permanent Vacation 
10 - Pretty Persuasion
11 - Mystery To Me
12 - Carnival Of Sorts [Box Cars] 

Set 2: 
13 - Rave On
14 - Ages Of You
15 - I Can't Control Myself
16 - Laughing
17 - Romance
18 - Round Is Funny
19 - Sitting Still
20 - Wolves, Lower
21 - Gardening At Night
22 - 9-9
23 - Windout
24 - Radio Free Europe 

Notes From REM Timeline:- 

This show can be found on the CD bootleg 'T.G.I.F' minus the encore. 
'Round Is Funny' is an Oh-Ok song which is sung when the band have equipment problems. 
They play 'Carnival Of Sorts (Box Cars)' twice due to equipment problems during the song in the 1st set.

Remaster Notes:-

Great show, a really good listen if you like early R.E.M.
Needed some minor restoration & some light EQ to make it sweet.
I retracked the whole thing.
Still problems with the source tape dropping now & then,
did my best to balance it out, some audio drop outs I couldn't fix,
needs someone with more skills than I.
Rather than tracks just ending sharply I have faded out & then in.
Better that way I think, sounds neater.
Still overall a worthwhile remaster.
Hope you enjoy.

Dream Remastered @ Reflecting Sound Studios, Southampton, England, 2018.

Do NOT sell this recording.
Freely given to you, so don't charge others.
Do NOT sell it on Ebay or Ioffer or any other place.
Buy the records/CD's/Go to shows if there are any.
Support the artist anyway you can.
Failure to comply will result in the karma police visiting.
Want to share this?
That is fine all that I ask is keep these notes with your shares, thank you.
