R.E.M.
November 17, 1981
Merlins, Madison, WI

1. Sitting Still
2. Mystery To Me
3. Carnival of Sorts
4. Ages Of You
5. 1,000,000
6. (Don't Go Back To) Rockville
7. Wolves, Lower
8. Pretty Persuasion
9. Stumble
10. Gardening At Night (Cut)

This is the first in a series of shows that I want to offer from this era of R.E.M. After going to the Athens Historical Society's R.E.M. event my mind as been consumed with the idea of looking back at just how solid R.E.M. was at the beginning, why the participants of the panels knew that R.E.M. was going to be a huge success, why these early moments symbolized why many of you are reading this site right now. And for those of you that have not been introduced to these shows, it's an attempt to receive R.E.M. 101 - The Early Years education. 

The story about this show is that the person that recorded it had taped the show had arrived at the venue too late and secondly, also ended up taping over part of the set with another performance. At the same time, it still stands out as a fairly nice recording for all that are concerned. 

Such as the case, the early days of R.E.M. saw setlists drastically change during 1981. While at the beginning of the year was featuring some of their earliest works, by this time, we start seeing the shell of the R.E.M. that we have come to love and admire. 

What was so interesting about going to the Athens Historical Societies R.E.M. Perspective was watching the noted videos from June 1980, and in my opinion, a video sometime in 1981, seeing how over a year the band had matured from looking like geeks to rockstars. One video looks like a band recording themselves in a garage and the other on the crux to greatness. 

Whether you are prone to enjoy the lyrics of the early songs like Dangerous Times, Baby I, and Permanent Vacation, the melodies and hooks is what drove them. You cannot help but bounce around, uncontrollably. 

By November 1981, the songs in this set is as solid as any year. While there was still a bit of naivete, the band left it all on the stage, between the solid rhythm section of Mills and Berry, Bucks jangly guitarwork and Stipe becoming a performance artist onstage. 

The set in question mixes songs from both Murmur and Reckoning as well as Mystery To Me, a song that would figure into the setlists through 1981 and early 1982 before being altogether dropped, even though it was pulled out on occasion as an afterthought with a couple random performances in 1984 and 1985. One of the better recent moments was the band choice to add the demo to the I.R.S. Best of Bonus Disc.

Rockville was still a rockabilly tune at this period, preferring the country punk sounds vs. the slower country rock tune on Reckoning. Considering that the band is planning on playing a high voltage tour this year and possibly next, it might be neat to see them perform this song in the same guise as these early shows - reinvention is never a bad thing! Stipe is just as much a country singer as offering his Elvis impression.

There is nothing more that I can add on songs like Carnival of Sorts, Wolves, Lower, or Gardening At Night. I am always inclined to go back to Chronic Town, the bands first release and think just how well these songs have held up over the test of time. Name me another EP of songs in the history of rock and roll that has not had the same effect? I cannot think of one. 

Typically as I review R.E.M.'s live shows, there are always a couple moments during each tour, or era that stand out. Country Feedback for the Monster Tour, Sweetness Follows for Up, and for the early years it was the addition of Stumble into the setlists. Between the power, artistic imagination of Stipe, hooks and Bill Berry's percussion this song set the band out from just being a 3 minute pop band. Here we are given a 7 minute excursion into psychaedelica. They are no longer your critics favorite Folk Rock act anymore. 

I do hope that you enjoy this as well as some of the future R.E.M. early shows. 



