R.E.M.

2 July 1982
The Strand Cabaret, Marietta, GA

/// REMASTERED ///

Source: Silver CD bootleg "Do The Strand" (Red Robin Records)
AUD unk *low* gen analog, possibly reel or Elcaset based on sonics

Remastering:
EAC secure (no errors)
Adobe Audition @ 32bit
Phase correction
Pitch correction
Secret sauce
Various cleanup edits
Re-tracksplit at sector boundaries
Normalization and fades
Dither to 16bit
FLAC
...to you

-------------

01 intro
02 West Of The Fields
03 Shaking Through
04 Pilgrimage
05 Romance
06 We Walk
07 Wolves, Lower
08 That Beat
09 Pretty Persuasion
10 Sitting Still
11 1,000,000
12 Gardening At Night
13 9-9
14 There She Goes Again
15 Catapult
16 Radio Free Europe
17 Perfect Circle
18 Laughing
19 Moral Kiosk
20 Carnival Of Sorts (Boxcars)

--------------


From my original seed of this on the defunct Sharing The Groove tracker:


This is a TERRIFIC sounding audience recording of a classic pre-Murmur gig, at the Strand
Cabaret in Marietta, GA. It's one of the best AUD recordings I've ever heard - at first I thought
it was a soundboard recording but you can hear too much audience chatter for that to be the case.
Either way, it's a phenomenal gig, and it is from a very critical part of the band's career - many
of the songs that would end up on "Murmur" were written during this time, and you can hear the 
differences pretty clearly here. "Perfect Circle" is debuted here and played with a drum machine - 
this is why it was dropped from the live set shortly after summer 1982 until the Green tour, when 
they could do it justice.

---------------

Pulled this out for a re-listen the other day and realized a couple things:

1) It's too slow - per Audition, it runs about 2% slow.
2) It's out of phase.
3) It's muffled and otherwise poorly EQ'ed.

Beyond that, it's a great little gig that took *very* well to remastering - this could fool many 
people into thinking it's a soundboard!

I'm not convinced this is a cassette master. The underlying sonics sound very much as if it was a 
reel-to-reel tape source, or perhaps an Elcaset machine (a short-lived successor to the venerable 
cassette pitched by Sony in the late 1970's that had better frequency response and sonics than 
the classic cassette format). There's a Joy Division gig (Jan 18 1980 Eindhoven, Holland) 
recorded on Elcaset that has similar sonics, which makes me think this too is possibly Elcaset.

Wikipedia: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Elcaset

So I tarted it up quite a bit and, if I may be so humble, this is the definitive version of this 
gig. It's that good! So trash any other version you may have of this gig and grab this. Unless, of 
course, you have a soundboard of it ;)


Full show info, from the timeline:

2 July 1982 - The Strand Cabaret, Marietta, GA 
support: Love Tractor 
set: West Of The Fields / Shaking Through / Pilgrimage / Romance / We Walk / Wolves, Lower / That Beat / 
Pretty Persuasion / Sitting Still / 1,000,000 / Gardening At Night / 9-9 / There She Goes Again / 
Catapult / Radio Free Europe 
encore: Perfect Circle / Laughing / Moral Kiosk / Carnival Of Sorts (Boxcars) 
notes: For the first half of the song Sitting Still is played at half speed, before they kick into normal 
speed. It also contains the first known live performance of Perfect Circle (complete with drum machine). 
This show can be found on the CD bootleg "Do the Strand", which included a version of the song 'Crazy' 
from another performance.

Enjoy!

Drew