R.E.M.
Maxwell’s
Hoboken, New Jersey, USA
Saturday November 27, 1982

Original lineage: Audience cassette (master) >>> WAV via SoundForge >>> Flac >>> Dime
2020 eckythump remaster: All tracks speed corrected in Audacity (+3%), normalized

Originally uploaded to Dime on 2 August 2007 by Guy_R_E, reseeded by Matlin on 18 May 2009. Remastered version uploaded to Dime by eckythump 5 January 2020

01 - Ages of You
02 - Moral Kiosk
03 - Pilgrimage
04 - 7 Chinese Bros.
05 - Laughing
06 - Wolves, Lower
07 - Romance
08 - Sitting Still
09 - Catapult
10 - Gardening At Night *
11 - 9-9
12 - 1,000,000
13 - West Of The Fields
14 - Radio Free Europe
15 - White Tornado

Encore
16 - Riders In The Sky (Stan Jones cover)
17 - We Walk
18 - Sloop John B * (traditional / The Beach Boys cover)
19 - Judy * (The dB's cover)
20 - Neverland * (The dB's cover)
21 - Carnival Of Sorts (Box Cars)

Michael Stipe - Vocals
Peter Buck - Guitar
Mike Mills - Bass, vocals
Bill Berry - Drums, vocals

* with Peter Holsapple

Torrent notes: This was recorded by (no longer active) Dime member Guy_R_E and uploaded to Dime in August 2007. Once it fell off the tracker, it was reseeded by Matlin (big thanks to them for sending me this after I lost it in a hard drive crash) in May 2009 after Guy_R_E uploaded his 28 April 1983 recording the day prior. Since it departed the tracker it hasn't been seen since. 

The tape of the show ran too slow, so I increased the speed by 3% in Audacity, normalized all tracks, and now it sounds great, this is a really great recording. If you downloaded this either time in 2007 or 2009, this will be an upgrade. I've also added a newspaper ad of the show I found in the Facebook group dedicated to Maxwell's.

I'll leave Guy to have the final say on this show below. While he is no longer active on Dime, a huge thanks to him for sharing his recording with the wider community all those years ago. Your recordings will continue to live on.

Original note information by Guy_R_E in August 2007:

REMiniscences:
Another audience tape from my Maxwell’s days.  I recorded this on my Nikko cassette deck with a pair of microphones of questionable pedigree duct-taped to a mic-stand behind the deejay booth.  I know there’s no shortage of R.E.M. recordings out there so I’m not sure how much historic value this has for fans, but I love it.  If this show has been seeded before it wouldn’t be from this tape, although I probably made copies for Maxwell’s owner Steve Fallon and a couple of other friends back in the day.
  
When I talk to people about the years I hung out at Maxwell’s I invariably mention R.E.M.  Being part of a music scene… there were so many bands that I was rooting for and expecting great things from, but R.E.M. were clearly in a different league.  The buzz in the music underground was really strong from the get-go.  I first heard their name from Vanessa of Pylon when I asked her what was going on in Athens and she said, “Well, there’s this really great new band called R.E.M…”  The name was obviously a keeper.  It’s hard to explain the anticipation I felt about a band I’d never heard a note from, but when the right people said the right things back then, you just “knew.”  R.E.M. became friends with The Bongos and the two bands toured together.  Bongo Rob Norris gave me a cassette with a rough mix of the sessions that made up the Hibtone single and ‘Chronic Town’ EP and I used to play songs from that tape at the club before the records were released.

I believe R.E.M. played Maxwell’s just three times, not quite as “frequently” as Wikipedia suggests.  They were doing the bigger venues in Manhattan, but they loved Maxwell’s so they kept coming back.  I remember a few years later when they played at Radio City Music Hall, Mike Mills had flown his mother and father up to NYC for the concert.  After headlining a sold out show at the landmark theater he brought them across the river to Hoboken to hang out and let them see where the band had played just a few short years before.  I was acquainted with Mike and he introduced me to his folks.  His Mom was absolutely beaming - having the time of her life - while his Dad looked a bit shell-shocked by it all (exhausted, probably).  They were a very gracious couple.  It’s a sweet memory and is as telling an anecdote as I can share about R.E.M..  They are such a decent and well-grounded group of guys and my lasting impression is of their generosity, their emotional generosity.  If you ever read anything bad about them chalk it up to the media machinations of agent provocateurs.

The place was packed for this show; the kind of night when nicotine-impregnated sweat would drip from the tin ceiling (don’t wear white).  I think this was the last gig of a tour with The dB’s - Peter Holsapple joins the band towards the end of the set and sings three songs during the encore.  That’s me teasing Patty Q about wanting to meet Michael after the show (and to think that I can get irritated at other people for their loud-mouthed BS) and I recognize a number of other voices in the crowd, dB’s drummer Will Rigby’s among them.  

The thing I remember most about R.E.M. in the club days is the incredible rush of energy from the band and Michael Stipe’s manic stage presence; he was like a Hopi Whirling Dervish.  I believe he had an accident at a show not too long after this one – he sprained his knee or tore some ligaments or something.  He had to tone it down after that and developed a more reserved charisma… but they certainly never stood still artistically.
