R.E.M.
Maxwell’s
Hoboken, New Jersey, USA
Thursday 28 April 1983

Original lineage: Audience Cassette Master >>> WAV SoundForge >>> Flac >>> Dime
2020 eckythump remaster: All tracks speed corrected in Audacity (+3%), normalized

Originally uploaded to Dime on 17 May 2009 by Guy_R_E. Remastered version uploaded to Dime by eckythump 5 January 2020.

01 - Moral Kiosk
02 - Catapult
03 - Sitting Still
04 - Pilgrimage
05 - Talk About The Passion
06 - Shaking Through
07 - Harborcoat
08 - Wolves, Lower
09 - Romance
10 - Pretty Persuasion
11 - Gardening At Night
12 - 9-9
13 - Windout
14 - 1,000,000 (w/ Fascists Eat Donuts snippet by Pop-O-Pies)
15 - West Of The Fields
16 - Radio Free Europe

Encore
17 - White Tornado
18 - Last Date (Floyd Cramer cover)
19 - Secret Agent Man (Johnny Rivers cover)
20 - There She Goes Again (The Velvet Underground cover)
21 - So You Want To Be A Rock'n'Roll Star (The Byrds cover)
22 - I Can’t Control Myself (The Troggs cover)
23 - We Walk
24 - 7 Chinese Bros. (incomplete, fades out)

Michael Stipe - Vocals
Peter Buck - Guitar
Mike Mills - Bass, vocals
Bill Berry - Drums, vocals

Torrent notes: Recorded by (no longer on Dime) Guy_R_E and uploaded to Dime in May 2009, this has never been reseeded since it fell off the tracker. 

Like Guy's 27 November 1982 Maxwell's recording, the tape ran slightly too slow, so I increased the speed by 3% in Audacity and normalized all tracks. This is another great recording by Guy, although I agree with his assessment below that it's not quite as good as his previous November recording. Still, in my opinion it's still very good and very much a worthwhile addition to anyone's R.E.M. collection. This was the last time the band played Maxwell's; in little over a year the band became so popular in the New York area they played 2 shows at the Beacon Theatre, and a year after that graduated to Radio City Music Hall. Maxwell's was simply too small to satisfy demand for a band that was becoming massive.

I have included some pictures of a ticket stub for the show I found in the Maxwell's Facebook group. Guy's original CD artwork is also included, just bear in mind the incorrect titles for 'Romance' and 'Last Date'.

A huge thanks to Guy for recording and sharing his recording all those years ago. Also many thanks to Dime member Matlin for sending me a copy of the show I'd lost after a hard drive crash (always back up, always!).

Here's the original note information by Guy_R_E in May 2009:

If I recollect correctly, this was the third and last time R.E.M. played Maxwell’s and it was just a couple weeks after Murmur was released (according to the date in Wikipedia).  I don’t remember that timing, but as a deejay at Maxwell’s I had gotten a test pressing of the album prior to its release from a kind soul at I.R.S. so I’d been living with it for a while.  I don’t think this is as good a recording as the show from five months earlier on November 27th [that I uploaded here a couple years ago] but it has plenty of punch.  There’s a lot of static on Secret Agent Man… I’m not sure what that’s about, but it’s coming from the stage or the PA, not from my humble recording setup.  And a 90-minute cassette didn’t do the trick on this occasion - 7 Chinese Brothers is incomplete.  I don’t remember if that was the last song of the encore or if they played another number, but they often enjoyed themselves during the encore with White Tornado and some choice cover versions followed by We Walk and a closing song, so I suspect the show ended after another 90-seconds or so.

R.E.M. was an incredibly exciting live band and seeing them in a steamy, packed-to-the-gills club was a huge kick.

CD artwork included.  