R.E.M.- Drumlin's, Syracuse, NY 1983-10-17 (remtorrent)

DISC ONE
Moral Kiosk
Catapult
Letter Never Sent
Pilgrimage
Seven Chinese Brothers
Talk About The Passion
So. Central Rain
Sitting Still
Harborcoat
Pretty Persuasion
West Of The Fields
Just A Touch
Gardening At Night (cuts)

DISC TWO
Windout
Second Guessing
Radio Free Europe
encore: 
White Tornado
Wolves, Lower
Camera
Pale Blue Eyes
20th Century Boy
1,000,000
Carnival Of Sorts (Boxcars)

support: Let's Active

notes from The Timeline: The gig took place, literally, in the basement hall of a country club. There were maybe a hundred people (possibly more, but it was definitely a small crowd) gathered in front of the stage when Let's Active kicked off a great opening set. R.E.M hit the stage quite late, with Stipe again wearing the eye patch he had on the previous night, explaining and complaining that hospital personnel balked at giving him some medication for his injury because his appearance led them to conclude that he might abuse it. His hair was quite long and he was in camouflage jacket. The show got under way, and by mid-point, the band was absolutely on fire. The audience gathered in a tight scrum in front of the stage and moved and rocked and swayed and pogoed as one! I remember Stipe leaning into the crowd wailing away on one tune. After the show, I was standing in line for the rest room behind Peter Buck and remember telling him "That was the finest example of rock and roll as physical pleasure that I have ever experienced.I still remember the show as absolutely powerful and astounding and beautiful. - Daniel Murray 

Above info courtesy of Darryl White's safe and sanitary site www.remtimeline.com

This is a pretty indifferent to awful recording of what sounds to have been a great show but, hey, if you want it, 
you want it.  If you don't want it, you don't. 

It appears to be the complete show however and has no major flaws.

Unknown audience sourced recording received a million years ago in a trade >> ?? >> Maxell XLII C90 >> Sony TC-WE435 >> Cool Edit 2000 >> normalised to 0 db and cleaned up beginnings and ends >> CD Wav >> FLAC 6.  Everything else TLH. 
>> ?? >> CD-R >> EAC >> Everything else TLH

Coming up next is the April 26th 1983 Farmingdale NY show which, unless someoneone tells me otherwise, will be the last of the 1983 shows that I'll seed here this time round.