R.E.M.
15 October 1983
Wadsworth Gymnasium, Harold Alfond Athletic Center, Colby College, Waterville, Maine

Unknown low generation audience source on TDK D90 cassette > playback with Nakamichi Dragon left channel only so copied that to the missing right channel> Edirol R09-HR (capture to WAV 24bit/48kHz)> CD Wave Editor tracksplit> Traders Little Helper FLAC level 8 

Thanks to DIMERS psycherelics for low gen tape and lammah for transferring to 24/48. 

01 Moral Kiosk 
02 Catapult  
03 Letter Never Sent  
04 Pilgrimage 
05 7 Chinese Bros. 
06 Talk About The Passion  
07 So. Central Rain (I'm Sorry) [brief cuts during end applause]
08 Sitting Still (level fluctuations/dropouts/35sec level drop)
09 Harborcoat  
10 Pretty Persuasion  
11 West Of The Fields  
12 Just A Touch  
13 Gardening At Night  
14 9-9 - Windout  
15 Second Guessing  
16 Wolves, Lower 
encore: 
17 White Tornado  
18 1,000,000  
19 Camera  
20 Pale Blue Eyes  
21 Radio Free Europe 

+bonus track on end of tape:
20 Aug 1985 
George I. Lewis Auditorium at Cumberland County Civic Center, Portland, Maine
22 Just A Touch(internal cuts) / Little America

According to guy who maintains REM official archive (https://www.remtimeline.com/) confirms this Colby College source is upstream/better copy than one he had. 

notes: The following recount of the show by Robert Wiggin (https://www.remtimeline.com/1983.html): 

"My friends and I got put on the guest list for the show at Colby by the road crew cause they had worked helping them set up at the University Of Maine the night before, and kinda hinted that they'd help out afterward the next night too. ;) The show at Colby began with Michael wearing a huge patch of gauze over his left eye, as he had somehow gotten injured after the previous night's show, i believe at some after show party. I believe he made mention that he had scratched his cornea. 
Anyway, the crowd was much smaller than the night before, maybe 300 people at most, and not completely receptive to their music. There was one particular obnoxious drunk kid down front with a bottle of jack daniels, constantly yelling for them to "play some rock and rooooll", generally heckling and being disruptive. Mike Mills gestured for him to approach the stage, i guess asked the guy for his bottle, and took a huge pull from it. There were some conferences around the drum riser, and a song or two later, (during 'Wolves, Lower') Michael took a running start from the back of the stage, and launched himself into the sparse crowd gathered down front. You know, being real rock and roll. They of course instantly parted, and Michael slammed into the floor hard, was probably a bit dazed, and i think was helped back up, and then backstage by some of the roadies. 
At this point after finishing the song, the band just said screw it, and left the stage. Peter was down back to the left of the stage right afterward, looking for the drunk guy, and i heard him say, 'you just don't do that where we come from'. The band did come back & played 5 more songs as described a week later in a review in The Colby Echo student newspaper & confirmed by an audience recording of the show. Peter Buck also joined Let's Active on guitar on a song during their opening set."






