R.E.M. - Student Union, Queens College, Queens, NY 1983-10-21 (remtorrent)

Wolves, Lower
Moral Kiosk
Letter Never Sent
Pilgrimage
Seven Chinese Brothers
Talk About The Passion
So. Central Rain
Sitting Still
Harborcoat
Catapult
Just A Touch
West Of The Fields <cuts>
<Side A/Side B spit comes here>
Gardening At Night
9-9
Windout 
Second Guessing
1,000,000
Camera
Pale Blue Eyes
Lies
Little America
Radio Free Europe
Carnival Of Sorts (Boxcars)

notes: Eric Martin of The Neats guests on Lies, which is a Neats song from their "The Monkey's Head in the Corner of the Room" mini album from 1982.

The venue was originally listed as Colden Auditorium, however they actually played on the 4th floor of the Student Union, which is a 150-200 person capacity room used for events and local bands to play.

'Let's Active was originally billed as opening for REM but something happened and the Neats ended up playing. My pal who worked on the radio station was friends with Lets Active and was hoping to catch a ride with them (& REM) back into the city that night as they were going to attend another gig. Needless to say with no Lets Active..there was no ride. But he did get a chance to hang out with Mike Mills and Peter Buck beforehand and show them to local shopping strip a few blocks away. Once there, Mike ended up going to a crappy discount store and picked up a pair of new sneakers for $2 or something!' - Jeff Cuyubamba

support: The Neats

Above info courtesy www.remtimeline.com

Audience recording >> ??? >> Maxell XLII C90 cassette >> Sony TC-WE435 cassette deck >> Cool Edit 2000 (I cleaned up the beginnings and the ends,  normalised to -3 db.  The recording  was running a shade too slow so I stretched it to 98% which brought it back to true pitch)  >>  CD Wave >> Flac6.  Everything else was done with TLH 

I've split this into Disc One/Disc Two folders but Cool Edit tells me that it's 80m 15s long so if you want to try overburning and fitting the show on one disc, that's up to you!

The quality of the recording is actually not too bad.  Very listenable with no major glitches.

Harwilmer - hope that it is was worth waiting for :-) 