R.E.M.
Veterans Memorial Auditorium
Providence, RI
October 16, 1984
(TapeTyrant Master Series Volume 1)

Recording: Nak 300's > Sony TC-D5

Transfer: Master Cassettes > Nakamichi DR-01 (azimuth adjusted) > Sound Devices USBPre2 > Audacity > iZotope RX 8 / ozone 9 (mastered) > xACT 2.50 > FLAC

01 Radio Free Europe
02 Harborcoat
03 Pilgrimage
04 7 Chinese Bros.
05 Driver 8
06 Talk About The Passion
07 Hyena
08 Sitting Still
09 Kohoutek
10 Just A Touch
11 Gardening At Night
12 9-9 > Now I Lay Me Down To Sleep Improv
13 Windout
14 Old Man Kensey
15 So. Central Rain (I’m Sorry)
16 Pretty Persuasion
17 Little America
18 Camera
19 Time After Time (Annelise)
20 1,000,000
21 Moon River
22 White Tornado
23 Moon River (Reprise)
24 Second Guessing
25 (Don’t Go Back To) Rockville
26 We Walk (inc. Falling In Love Again > Whispering Grass (Don't Tell The Trees) > Behind    
            Closed Doors)
27 Carnival Of Sorts

Known Faults:
-Radio Free Europe: joined in progress

Welcome to Volume 1 of an exciting new master series featuring the master recordings of dime member "tapetyrant". The series will predominately feature captures in the Northeast  and Southern California areas. We will touch on multiple genres with a strong focus on Jazz Fusion, New Wave and Rock. 

Tapetyrant was an active taper in the 1980's and much of the 1990's before, like many of us, hanging up the mics. What he captured during that time is uniformly excellent quality and his master tapes have been safely stored, the first batch are in pristine condition. Some shows may circulate from lower generation copies but most have remained uncirculated until now and have not ever circulated directly from the masters.

Prior to DAT, the heavy lifting was entirely done by a Sony D5 with NAK 300's and taping was serious business, acquiring the best seats possible and working to keep neighbors in check.

Our debut release is a fine capture of R.E.M. supporting "Reckoning" in Providence, RI at the Veterans Memorial Auditorium. Tapetyrant's memory of this one is hazy due to the passage of time but as he recalls he had very good seats around the 20th row off center.

During the mastering process I seamlessly removed all extreme whistles and the most severe external audience noises.

Though I could not find this show on the bot_archive there is a known live recording of this night, however, all setlists I could find are missing the last song "Carnival Of Sorts (Boxcars)" found here apparently for the first time (shout out here to "mjcrossuk" for the exhaustive work keeping the bot_archive up to date every month and posting the link, as many tapes as run through the JEMS/mjk5510 audio labs we'd be dead in the water without his on going hard work).

Thanks to "goody" for his continued critical work pitch adjusting and tuning our releases.

The biggest thank you to "tapetyrant" for doing such a great job capturing these important shows, for reaching out and entrusting me to present his excellent work for all to enjoy decades to come (tapers don't let those tapes and your hard work get lost to the ages, there are plenty of folks to get in touch with here to help get them out, we're all working to leave no tape behind).

The first batch of masters is a helluva line up of artists / shoes with most never before circulated, we know you will enjoy the journey!

Artwork and samples included...

mjk5510 and tapetyrant

