   * the Harwilmer collection *
(or another definition of T.H.C.)
welcome to yet another new series here on dime (and hopefully TD too)
featuring the recordings and acquisitions of dime member "harwilmer".
these will include a few other bands too, but probably mostly R.E.M.
shows from the mid 80's, since he recorded several of them, including
a bunch from the 1985 tour. there are also a few from 1984 including this show, 
that he got soon after the show in trades,
R.E.M. has been rather popular around here, even 40 years after their "heyday", 
and several of these shows are likely upgrades of previously circulated shows, 
some may be new to digital circulation entirely, or new "alternate" sources.
some of these shows are from trade tapes he acquired soon after the shows happened.
he did a good job preserving his tapes over all this time, the 1st batch sounds good, 
and I expect that the others will be quite enjoyable quality.
this doesn't sound quite as good as his own recordings do, but still quite enjoyable.
this is apparently the full show, recorded from a good location,  
and the Orpheum Theater is a fairly nice sounding venue (if you're in the right spot).
as a few others here have been known to do, 
harwilmer copied several of his masters (if not all) onto 1st gen. copies so to optimize tape space, 
thus even the ones he recorded are 1st gen tape copies of masters that no longer exist.
some of his acquired tapes are also 1st gen. analog cassette copies, 
so most of these will be 1st gen. recordings.
they all sound quite clean and apparently made without dolby.
(a few of the trade acquisitions aren't quite as good and recorded with lesser recording gear,
but most of those sound quite enjoyable too.)
thanks to him for sharing these with me to share with the very global R.E.M. community.
samples will be included in these posts as long as tech allows them to be,
since there will be some variance in quality.
it is quite likely most or all of these will be in the best quality 
made digitally available before from these recordings.