R.E.M. - Page Auditorium, Duke University, Durham, NC 1984-09-26 SBD (remtorrent)

support: The dB's

DISC ONE 
Seven Chinese Brothers
Catapult
Radio Free Europe
9-9
Gardening At Night
Windout
Letter Never Sent
Kohoutek
So. Central Rain
Driver 8
(Don't Go Back To) Rockville
1,000,000
Hyena
White Tornado (cut) www.remtimeline.com has West Of The Fields being played here but it wasn't.  Darryl has been advised.

DISC TWO
Old Man Kensey
Second Guessing
encore 1:
Moon River x 2 (the beginning of thie first attempt is missing)
Carnival Of Sorts (Boxcars)
Little America
encore 2: 
Moral Kiosk
Talk About The Passion
Sitting Still
Pretty Persuasion


notes: Moon River is done twice. At the end of the first time (with one word left in the song) someone screams out "Fuck you!" to which Stipe yells back "If you don't like it, you can leave!". He and Mike immediately start over from the beginning. The same guy yells the same remark at the start of the second encore which Stipe replies curtly, "Fuck you, too!". There is another story that the fan was actually shouting, 'Fuck, YEAH!' in appreciation. Apparently the fan actually wrote a letter to the editor of one of the local papers hoping to clarify the incident.

The main set of this show can be found on the CD bootleg "Unreleased Live LP" and "We Are Having A Heavenly Time"

Above info courtesy www.remtimeline.com
Thanks Darryl

CONTRAST CLAUSE 
I have two versions of this show and have been advised by the venerable Mods that I can upload them both.  This version is (just about) the complete soundboard recording but is a generation or two away from the master. There are a couple of really minor glitches and cutouts.  The version that I will upload next is a pristine quality 15 song edit from it and, as far as I can tell, is probably sourced from the proposed live IRS album.

I hope that this makes sense!

I received this in a cassette trade a thousand years ago.  As noted, it's sourced from the soundboard but is a couple of generations away from the original.  Transfer was from Maxell XL11 C90 with a Sony TC-WE435 cassette deck.  The recording was running a little slow so I speeded it up slightly on playback to bring it up to correct pitch.  Then it was Cool Edit 2000, normalised sound levels to 0 db, sliced up using CD Wav then everything else with TLH. 

certainteed requested this.  Hope you enjoy it.

