R.E.M.
Debating Hall, Guild Of Students, The University Of Birmingham, Birmingham, England
Monday 26 November 1984

support: The Lucy Show

Linage information: Unknown audience recording, converted to flac from a cassette tape of unknown generation at some point in time > Audacity (noise reduction to remove tape hiss, normalised, files tagged) > You

01 - Femme Fatale (The Velvet Underground cover)
02 - Harborcoat
03 - Talk About The Passion
04 - So. Central Rain (I'm Sorry)
05 - Color Me Impressed (The Replacements cover)
06 - Broken Whiskey Glass (Jason and the Scorchers cover)
07 - 7 Chinese Bros.
08 - Driver 8
09 - Letter Never Sent
10 - Auctioneer (Another Engine)
11 - Gardening At Night
12 - 9-9
13 - Hey Diddle Diddle - Frogmore - Windout
14 - Hyena
15 - See No Evil (Television cover)
16 - Old Man Kensey
17 - Pretty Persuasion
18 - Radio Free Europe
19 - Little America

Encore 1
20 - Someone's In The Kitchen With Dinah - Jimmy Crack Corn (brief)
21 - Second Guessing
22 - (Don't Go Back To) Rockville
23 - We Walk - Behind Closed Doors - After Hours
24 - 1,000,000
25 - Moon River (Henry Mancini/Johnny Mercer cover)

Encore 2
26 - (Audience yelling after encore break)
27 - Camera
28 - Just A Touch

Michael Stipe - Vocals, harmonica
Peter Buck - Guitar
Mike Mills - Bass, vocals
Bill Berry - Drums, vocals

Show notes: A very fun show to listen to, the band were almost 2 weeks into their UK tour at this point, and provided the crowd with a highly entertaining show. Show highlights include rare covers of The Replacements' Color Me Impressed (Stipe not too confident on the lyrics) and Jason and the Scorchers' Broken Whiskey Glass (much more confident on the lyrics), which were requests, Stipe revealing that Driver 8 is basically a rewrite of Wichita Lineman, and a rare peformance of Camera, played because a few audience members were relentless with yelling it out! All up, this is a really great fun show to listen to. 

Torrent notes: I acquired a copy of this show from someone online recently, and having never seen it torrented before, thought it deserved a run on Dime. It's an audience recording from a tape of unknown generation - there was a bit of hiss present in the recording which I removed with Audacity, as well as giving it a bit of a volume boost. It's not a perfect recording by any means, and at times one channel is louder than the other, but not enough to distract in my opinion, and the uniqueness of the setlist makes it worth a listen. I will include samples for those on the fence, but in my opinion is a very listenable recording. For those that want pristine audio and exact lineage and recording equipment information, probably not one for you, but if you can endure some flaws you will be rewarded with a terrific and rarely heard show.

I have added an ffp and md5 file, and a picture of the poster for the show. Thanks to the unknown taper for preserving these precious memories.