R.E.M. Reconstruction tour - 20th anniversary series, Volume 14

December 6, 1985 - Washington and Lee University - Lexington, VA

Audience cassette master > Cassette > Cassette > CDR > dBpowerAMP > WAV > FLAC Frontend > Flac files


This is one of the most unique shows the band has ever played, due to the unplanned acoustic set and interesting comments.  The show was in a college gym with general admission seating, although there were no seats.  The crowd, as they usually do in such situations, pushed to the front.  The band thought things were getting out of control and stopped playing.  They returned to play the acoustic set, took another break, and then played electric for the rest of the show.  They were definitely in a hurry to get through the encores since they only play 4 songs, and they run through them without ever stopping.  

The situation with the crowd was clearly distracting the band, since there are several missed chords.  In addition, they were not pleased with the way the Minutemen were treated by the audience.  My brother saw this show, the previous night in Richmond, and the December 9 show.  At the time he said that this one was definitely the best of the run because of the acoustic set and overall energy.       

Despite all of the crowd problems, there is surprisingly no audience interference with the recording.  I know the lineage for this one, but the sound is not great.  You can still clearly hear everything despite it having sort of a muffled sound, so it's a B.  Try the sample, but don't let the mediocre quality scare you away.  This show is fascinating.

I indexed separate tracks for some of the stories and comments because what happens between songs is often as interesting as the actual performances. 


Disc 1:
01 Feeling Gravitys Pull 
02 Harborcoat 
03 Maps And Legends / ”I fear death or injury” 
04 Pilgrimage / “Mind your manners” 
05 Talk About The Passion 
06 Sitting Still 
07 “Turn on the house lights”
08 “What the fuck are we gonna do here?”

Disc 2: 
01 “Everyone relax, OK?” 
02 Dream (All I Have To Do Is)
03 “Damned to a life of middle-aged degradation and mediocrity” 
04 Driver 8 / “There’s gotta be an end to this story”
05 Swan Swan H / “Step back” 
06 (Don't Go Back To) Rockville / “We’re gonna take a short break” 
07 So. Central Rain 
08 Time After Time (Annelise) / “Please stay where you are” 
09 Can't Get There From Here 
10 Pretty Persuasion 
11 Old Man Kensey 
12 Life And How To Live It 
13 Toys In The Attic 
14 Second Guessing 
15 Bandwagon 
16 See No Evil 
