R.E.M.
1985-10-27
The Powerhouse
Birmingham, U.K.
DAT Clone of Analog Master
JEMS Archive

Recording Gear: Unknown microphone and unknown cassette recorder

JEMS 2020 Transfer: ME’s Master cassette > analog master clone DAT > Tascam DA-302 DAT > Sound Devices USBPre2 > Audacity > iZotope RX8 and Ozone 8 > tracking and finishing via Audacity 2.4.2 and TLH

1. Intro
2. Feeling Gravity’s Pull
3. Harborcoat
4. Laughing
5. Green Grow The Rushes
6. Pilgrimage
7. Driver 8
8. Fall On Me
9. Sitting Still
10. Good Advices
11. So. Central Rain
12. White Tornado
13. For the Love of Money
14. Have You Ever Seen the Rain
15. Auctioneer (Another Engine)
16. Just a Touch
17. Old Man Kensey
18. Pretty Persuasion
19. John the Revelator
20. Life and How to Live It
21. Toys in the Attic (joined in progress)
22. Can't Get There From Here
23. 20th Century Boy
24. Broken Whiskey Glass
25. See No Evil
26. Tired of Singing Trouble
27. I Can't Control Myself
28. Little America

Here’s a terrific master recording from the third leg of the 1985 R.E.M. tour. Back then, my friends at JEMS traded with people all over the world. Much of that activity centered around Bruce Springsteen recordings, but we kept an eye open for fellow travelers who taped other bands we liked just as much. That’s how this recording landed in the archive sometime in the mid ’90s from ME, who ran deep in Springsteen and recorded a number of R.E.M. shows circa 1984-’95.

As far as touring went, 1985 found R.E.M. in beast mode: October marked the end of Reconstruction II, which included the band's second UK visit that year. They played another month-and-a-half in the U.S., then returned home to Athens, Georgia, where all they had to do is dream.

To that end, they already had future fourth album highlight “Fall On Me” pretty much nailed down: here, its melody, tempo, and even Mike Mills’ harmony vocals sound ready to go. Michael Stipe hadn’t finished the lyrics, but that didn’t deter the band: the song had been a consistent presence since its August 1 debut in Austin, Texas. “Just a Touch” appears, too, along with eight songs from Fables.

And if it’s covers you’re after, while The Powerhouse doesn’t match the standard set by the famous Barrymore’s show, its setlist features an impressive range: Creedence’s “Have You Ever Seen the Rain,” the gospel standard “John the Revelator,” Aerosmith’s “Toys in the Attic,” T. Rex’s “20th Century Boy,” Television’s “See No Evil” and The Troggs’ “I Can’t Control Myself.” Listen for a few bars of The O-Jays’ “For the Love of Money,” and “Broken Whiskey Glass” too — that’s a track from Jason and the Scorchers’ 1985 LP "Lost & Found." Sounds like fun!

BK sent this my way: we’ve discussed R.E.M. recordings a bit more of late, a conversation which began the year this tape got recorded. Coincidentally, Jared and our pal AMorg traveled from the States to the UK to catch R.E.M. at the Hammersmith Palais (and Pete Townshend at Brixton Academy), shows that commenced two days after this gig. Jared’s Hammersmith recordings circulate; soon, we'll take a fresh listen to those and others ripe for upgrades and renewed appreciation.

For now, enjoy another great gig from Reconstruction II. Thanks to the original taper (Mr. Eagles?).

Share it freely, and for free!

 - slipkid68