R.E.M. 
Auditorium, Franklin County Veterans Memorial
Columbus, OH
Tuesday 10 December 1985

Support: The Minutemen

Venue no longer exists

Lineage: ??? -> Maxell XLII cassette -> Tascam CC-222MKIV -> EAC -> CD Wave Editor. Digital conversion by justatouch from their collection and shared to http://remtimeline.com/listentome/

Eckythump June 2021 remaster: iZotope RX8 Advanced -> iZotope Ozone 9 -> Audacity 3.0.2 (split tracks and export to FLAC Level 8) -> Traders Little Helper 2.8.4 (Fix SBE's, ffp and md5 files) -> foobar2000 1.6.6 (files tagged). First shared to Dime on 1 June 2021.

  
Main set:
01. Feeling Gravitys Pull
02. Harborcoat
03. Fall On Me 
04. Maps and Legends
05. Can't Get There From Here 
06. Michael talks
07. Sitting Still
08. Hyena
09. So. Central Rain (I'm Sorry)
10. Swan Swan H
11. Shaking Through
12. Driver 8 
13. Riders In The Sky (Stan Jones cover)
14. Auctioneer (Another Engine) 
15. Michael's Kensey story
16. Old Man Kensey 
17. Gardening At Night
18. 9-9 - Hey Diddle Diddle - Frogmore - Windout

Encore 1:
19. Femme Fatale (The Velvet Underground cover)
20. Second Guessing
21. We Walk - The Counting Song
22. Pretty Persuasion 
23. Toys In The Attic (Aerosmith cover)

Encore 2:
24. Born To Run (snippet, Bruce Springsteen cover)
25. (Don't Go Back To) Rockville
26. Tired Of Singing Trouble
27. Life And How To Live It 

Michael Stipe - Vocals, harmonica
Peter Buck - Guitar
Mike Mills - Bass Guitar, vocals
Bill Berry - Drums, vocals

Show notes: The third to last show of a very long year of touring Fables of the Reconstruction, and you couldn't blame the band if they were phoning it in by this point, but they put road fatigue aside and put on a terrific show. Highlights include a terrific guitar only version of So. Central Rain with harmonies supplied by Mike and Bill, a very lengthy intro to a powerful Auctioneer (complete with Michael using the often cited Caroline, and the line 'let's start a new country up', which would soon find its way onto the next album), a terrific 9-9 and Windout, and Michael hilariously butchering the lyrics to Springsteen's 'Born To Run'. It's a great show from a brilliant year of touring.

Recording notes: This is an extremely rare recording, so rare the R.E.M. Timeline doesn't even have a complete setlist (there's a partial list on there that was sourced from a review). It was sitting in the collection of 'justatouch', a member of the R.E.M. board 'Listen To Me' (details below for joining), who kindly digitised and shared his recording to that group, and provided his blessing for it to be shared on Dime. Taper details and equipment are unknown. While not the best recording of 1985, it's still a solid recording that you'll enjoy listening to. I cleaned it up a little in iZotope RX and Ozone. Enjoy this super rarity!

****

As time passes between the end of R.E.M. and the time you read this know that there are a few of us that still care a great deal for this band. If you have any old tapes or need any questions answered about circulating shows please drop us a line. New finds from the ROIO world and anniversary releases are what we have to look forward to these days, so please don't throw those old tapes out just yet. 

You are welcome to message me here or check us out at http://remtimeline.com/listentome/ (send me a message here if you have trouble with registering and I'll sort it out)

-eckythump, 1 June 2021