R.E.M. - 1985-12-08 Reynolds Auditorium, Reynolds High School, Winston-Salem, NC 

MASTER RECORDING, NEW TO CIRCULATION (as of Dec. 2011)

taper: robinbrevard
uploader: edarthur

lineage: Panasonic stereo tape deck (built-in stereo mics, specs long forgotten) --> master tape --> my friend's home tape deck + CD burner --> CD-R --> my laptop --> XLD to convert files to wav

1. Feeling Gravitys Pull 
2. Harborcoat
3. Crazy
4. Maps and Legends
5. Hyena
6. Shaking Through
7. Driver 8
8. Good Advices
9. Sitting Still
10. So. Central Rain
11. Swan Swan H
12. Can't Get There from Here
(Seven Chinese Bros.) not on this version
13. Auctioneer (Another Engine)
14. Old Man Kensey
15. Pretty Persuasion
16. Life and How to Live It 

encore 1: 
17. Gardening At Night
18. 9-9
19. Windout
20. The Counting Song
21. Second Guessing
22. (Don't Go Back to) Rockville 

encore 2: 
23. Tired of Singing Trouble
24. Little America
25. See No Evil* (incomplete; cuts out at 2:15)

*Mike Watt guests on See No Evil.

Notes: 
Part of the "Reconstruction III" segment of the band's tour supporting "Fables of the Reconstruction." These are the raw, unedited sound files, so if anyone wants to have a go at tweaking them -- feel free! Interestingly, none of the previously-available setlists for this concert include "Hyena," but here it is in all its glory.

There are a couple of problems with the recording. The timing of the tape flip meant that Seven Chinese Bros. did not get properly recorded, so it's missing from this version. Also, something weird happened with the levels & distortion in the middle of Auctioneer. This might be from a built-in volume limiter on the Panasonic, because you notice it when Peter's guitar gets really LOUD. (Thankfully, this is the only time it happens in the recording, and maybe a more tech-savvy R.E.M. fan can do something to improve that track.) Finally, the tape cuts out at around 2:15 in the final song, Television's "See No Evil."

It was great seeing R.E.M. play Winston-Salem, N.C. at the legendary Reynolds High School Auditorium (the alma mater of N.C. music luminaries Mitch Easter, Chris Stamey, Peter Holsapple, Will Rigby, Gene Holder, etc.). The energy of the band and audience during the show were a delightful combo, and many of the performances benefit from the synergy.

I found a great spot to hide my equipment: I leaned over the front of the balcony and put the deck in the recessed, open shelf where the some of the stage lighting is situated. So the recording is free of the problems of other audience recordings (ie, drunken, obnoxious chatter, etc.).
