R.E.M.
Workroom, Rootes Hall, The University Of Warwick
Coventry, England
Thursday 27 June 1985

support: The Jazz Butcher, Jonathan Richman
supporting: Green On Red

Contrast clause: There is another recording of this show on Dime at http://www.dimeadozen.org/torrents-details.php?id=663516, reseeded by me in December 2019 and originally shared on Dime in 2006. This recording is a new source from a DAT clone of the cassette master from the JEMS archive.

Unknown taper, from the JEMS archive

JEMS lineage information: Master cassette > Sony 670 DAT > USBPre2 > Audacity 2.4 > iZotope RX > Ozone

Audacity 3.0.2 (split tracks and export to FLAC Level 8) -> Traders Little Helper 2.8.4 (Fix SBE's, ffp and md5 files) -> foobar2000 1.6.5 (files tagged). First shared to Dime on 24 September 2021.
	
01. Feeling Gravitys Pull 
02. Second Guessing 
03. Green Grow The Rushes 
04. Laughing 
05. Maps And Legends 
06. So. Central Rain (I'm Sorry)
07. Have You Ever Seen The Rain? (Creedence Clearwater Revival cover)
08. Driver 8 
09. Can't Get There From Here 
10. (Don't Go Back To) Rockville 
11. Hyena 
12. 1,000,000 
13. Old Man Kensey 
14. Just A Touch 
15. Auctioneer (Another Engine) 
16. Pretty Persuasion
encore 1: 
17. Someone's In The Kitchen With Dinah-Jimmy Crack Corn-Behind Closed Doors (brief medley)
18. Harborcoat 
19. California Dreamin' (The Mamas and the Papas cover)
20. Mystery To Me 
encore 2: 
21. Barney Miller Theme 
22. Theme From Two Steps Onward 
23. We Walk 
24. Little America

Michael Stipe - Vocals, harmonica
Peter Buck - Guitar
Mike Mills - Bass, vocals
Bill Berry - Drums, vocals

Show notes (taken from my 2019 torrent): While R.E.M. were making huge inroads in their home country and playing theatres that held thousands, over in Europe things were progressing more slowly. A week before this show the band supported U2 at Milton Keynes, and as legend has it had to dodge bottles full or urine hurled at them while performing. While they weren't quite ready to headline large venues in Europe yet, this show at the University of Warwick (this performance was part of the Presidents Ball) shows the band had acquired a small but dedicated bunch of UK fans, who were relentless in their song requests between songs, and even requesting some very obscure songs, suggesting they had been listening to many live shows even at this point. Case in point, an audience member who continually yelled out for the rare unreleased 'Mystery To Me' early on was rewarded with the band playing it for the only time that year during the encore, and in fact would be the last time they ever performed this song live. 'California Dreamin' was also a request, as announced by Michael. Other requests, such as 'See No Evil' were ignored, despite the song being regularly played that year.

This is a really fun show to listen to, with some great banter between band and audience. The band Green On Red, who followed them on this evening had a very tough act to follow. Peter Buck guested with Green On Red on guitar on 'Sympathy For The Devil' during their set after R.E.M. were done. A recording of that show exists and has been shared on Dime in the past.

Torrent notes: While a recording of this show was circulated on Dime in 2006 and reseeded by me in 2019, this is a new source from the JEMS archive, direct from the unknown taper's master cassette to DAT, and is the first time this recording has been circulated. That recording is still very good and stands up well, but this is also a very good alternative, nice and clear and crisp, a bit of audience chatter but I think it adds to the atmosphere here. It's always wonderful to have a DAT clone direct from the master tape!

Many thanks to the original taper, and JEMS for passing this recording on to me to distribute to the wider community. Enjoy!





