LDB Vintage Series #005

Hi there! After closing both my Master and Special series I took a break from seeding, enjoying life and most of all
preparing for a new series! This is not going to be as frequent as my previous ones, I'll be seeding shows from time
to time so don't expect massive volumes here.

Why a "vintage" series? Because music in the 70's and 80's was really something...so different, so special with "that" kind
of sound which you don't find anymore. That was the era of real music without the internet, of long tours and enjoyable live
shows spanning from metal to new wave, progressive, jazz, fusion, pop. So many bands were born and disappeared during those
two decades.

I am then celebrating the 70's and the 80's and their unmistakeable sound in this LDB Vintage Series. You will find many bands
I have never seeded in the past but that I still enjoy listening to. Most of these come from low generation tapes that were traded
around that period, many radio broadcasts and overall lots of surprises.

Hope you will enjoy this new series! 

REM
Milano, Palatrussardi
June 15, 1989

01.Pop Song 89
02.These Days
03.Turn You Inside-Out
04.Maps and Legends
05.Orange Crush
06.Disturbance at the Heron House
07.Feeling Gravitys Pull 
08.King of Birds
09.Sitting Still 
10.We Live as We Dream / Alone (Gang of Four cover) (snippet) / World Leader Pretend
11.Begin the Begin
12.Underneath the Bunker
13.Pretty Persuasion
14.Get Up
15.Life and How to Live It
16.It's the End of the World as We Know It (And I Feel Fine)
17.Stand
18.Crazy (Pylon cover)
19.Fall on Me
20.You Are the Everything
21.Harpers (Hugo Largo cover) / Ghost Rider (Suicide cover)
22.Finest Worksong
23.Perfect Circle
24.After Hours (The Velvet Underground cover)

TT 98:58

Lineage: Radio broadcast > n generation tape > TEAC Tape Deck AD-RW900 > Creative Sound Blaster Recon 3D >
HD > SoundForge Pro 10.0 > CD Wave > FLAC Frontend (level 6)

Bill Berry - drums
Peter Buck - guitar
Mike Mills - bass, vocals
Michael Stipe - vocals

Another side of 80's music was the early work of REM. Despite becoming an extremely successful act in the 90's and 00's, REM were a
cut band in the 80's who crafted and created their own, original sound which became a kind of trademark. Here the band is just before
becoming huge, but still playing big arenas like the Palatrussardi that was back then THE major venue in town. 6-8.000 seats big tent,
it started in February 1987 (I still remember the first show was a Frank Sinatra gig!), replacing the old Teatro Tenda which had been
removed just a few meters away.

The venue continued to host concerts till approximately 2011, changing name according to the sponsoring company, till the very last name
of Palasharp. I attended one of the very last shows in september, a Le Orme/Banco double gig. Then the venue was shut down and mostly 
used for muslim pray as a kind of town mosque. Security works needed to be made after
some 25 years but nobody thought it was worth. And today the space has been granted to build an official mosque.
Not that I do not respect people that have to pray their god, but when you shut down a music venue because you can't afford the money up 
update it, that's all very sad.

So here is a little celebration for a venue that will no longer exist.

Enjoy!

ldb
