R.E.M.
West Gym, State University Of New York At Binghamton
Binghamton, NY
Friday 26 April 1985

support: The Neats

Jeff Ferro R.E.M. upgrade series volume 12

Lineage: Unknown taper and equipment. C-90 Cassette (side A tracks 1-11, side B tracks 12-23) -> Nakamichi DR-1 -> Tascam DA-3000 -> WAV 24/96 -> iZotope RX9 Advanced -> Ozone 9 (EQ adjustments) -> Audacity 3.1.3 (split tracks and FLAC Level 8) -> Foobar 1.6.10 (Files tagged) -> Traders Little Helper 2.8.4 

Digital conversion from cassette by nakeddave from the collection of Jeff Ferro

Remastered by eckythump. First shared to Dime on 24 April 2022

Track List:

00. Intro
01. Feeling Gravitys Pull
02. Life And How To Live It
03. Harborcoat
04. Green Grow The Rushes
05. So. Central Rain (I'm Sorry)
06. Good Advices
07. Can't Get There From Here
08. 7 Chinese Bros.
09. Hyena
10. Driver 8
11. Maps And Legends (tape flip)
12. Talk About The Passion (intro missing)
13. Auctioneer (Another Engine)
14. Old Man Kensey
15. Pretty Persuasion
16. When I Was Young
17. Little America
encore 1
18. Have You Ever Seen The Rain? (Creedence Clearwater Revival cover)
19. (Don't Go Back To) Rockville 
20. Just A Touch
21. Tusk - Gloria - Tusk (Fleetwood Mac / Them cover)
encore 2
22. Theme From Two Steps Onward
23. Gardening At Night (cut)
probably played and not recorded: 9-9 / Windout

Michael Stipe - Vocals, harmonica
Peter Buck - Guitar
Mike Mills - Bass, vocals
Bill Berry - Drums, vocals


Show notes: Volume 12 in the Jeff Ferro tape series takes us back to 1985 and the third show of R.E.M.'s 'Preconstruction' tour, playing universities and colleges across the north east and mid west as a prelude to the main tour that began in late June in Europe, and over a month before 'Fables of the Reconstruction' was released. These sets were very heavy on the unreleased Fables material, with a smattering of older songs scattered throughout the set. Given just some months later 'Can't Get There From Here' was met with huge cheers upon the opening riff, the silence due to audience unfamiliarity here feels quite strange (though the song was met with loud cheers at the end, signalling the band was on a winner). It's early in the tour and it's clear the band was still working out the best set structure, hence the unusually early appearance of 'Life and How To Live It', but from a listener perspective in 2022 long familiar with these songs it all works, but I can imagine the audience of April 1985 probably wanted to hear a few more songs they'd heard before over newer songs like 'Good Advices'.

A few rarities feature in this set, notably 'When I Was Young', which was only played a handful of times and quickly dropped after the first week of the tour, and wouldn't reappear until it was rewritten as the beloved classic 'I Believe' the following year (a very good call). The first encore concludes with a fantastic 7+ minute mash up of Tusk and Gloria, something I'd not heard before and works really well. This show also features the first known performance of 'Theme From Two Steps Onward' (though it was probably played at the previous show where a complete setlist is unknown). Unfortunately the recording ends before 'Gardening At Night' is over, presumably due to the taper only using a single 90 minute tape (there are noticable pauses between songs on side B, presumably the taper pausing to save tape space, hopefully no talking was lost). It's probable the show concluded with 9-9 and Windout as is typical, but we don't know for sure. A fascinating insight into a very early Fables show.

Recording notes: This is a very rarely circulated show, so rare in fact the R.E.M. Timeline lists a different setlist based on a submission back in 2003. Given we have a tape labelled as this date with a confirmed setlist, this now replaces what is on the timeline. This is the first time this show has circulated in the digital world, and is the first time I've ever seen proof that a recording exists. It won't win any sound quality awards, and the recorder is unfortunately standing near a screamer, but it's still a decent listen, and is worth it alone for the super rare When I Was Young and the Tusk-Gloria mash up. Thanks once again to Jeff for helping uncover this super rare show, and nakeeddave for bringing us the transfer into the digital world.

I included a picture of a signed flyer/poster of the show I found on social media, with some amusing comments the band left on it. Enjoy!

****

As time passes between the end of R.E.M. and the time you read this know that there are a few of us that still care a great deal for this band. If you have any old tapes or need any questions answered about circulating shows please drop us a line. New finds from the ROIO world and anniversary releases are what we have to look forward to these days, so please don't throw those old tapes out just yet. That forum is how we uncovered this new source, and the others that are forthcoming. We're confident there's a lot more out there we'd love to get into the digital world before they're lost forever.

Check us out at http://remtimeline.com/listentome/ (send me a message here if you have trouble with registering and I'll sort it out)

-eckythump, April 2022