R.E.M.
October 28, 1985
Hammersmith Palais
London, England
JEMS Master
2021 Transfer and Remaster

Recording Gear Sony ECM-939 > Sony WM-D6C

2021 JEMS Transfer and Remaster: Nakamichi CR-7A (azimuth adjusted transfer) > Sound Devices USBPre 2 > Audacity 2.4.2 24/96 .wav capture > iZotope RX7 > downsample to 16/44 > FLAC> Audacity 3.0 (tracking) > RX 7 and TLH (finishing)

R.E.M. is:

Bill Berry: drums, percussion, backing vocals
Peter Buck: guitar
Mike Mills: bass, backing vocals
Michael Stipe: vocals, harmonica

Setlist:
01. Feeling Gravity's Pull
02. Harborcoat
03. Green Grow The Rushes
04. Maps And Legends
05. Pilgrimage
06. Driver 8
07. Sitting Still
08. Good Advices
09. John The Revelator
10. So. Central Rain
11. Have You Ever Seen The Rain?
12. Can't Get There From Here
13. Seven Chinese Brothers
14. Auctioneer (Another Engine)
15. Old Man Kensey
16. Pretty Persuasion
17. Life And How To Live It
18. Second Guessing
19. (Don't Go Back To) Rockville
20. Tired of Singing Trouble
21. Toys In The Attic
22. What’s New Pussycat?
23. Radar Love
24. Burning Hell
25. Talk About The Passion
26. Little America

Of all the times JEMS traveled for shows, this 1985 adventure surely ranks near the top: AMorg and Jared flying to London to see Pete Townshend’s Deep End over two nights at Brixton Academy. Jared called it the best show he’d ever seen.

Before taking in the reinvention of Pete Townshend, they had two nights to experience a band in ascendance: R.E.M., nearing the end of the tour behind the "Fables of the Reconstruction."

Around this time, JEMS made a concerted effort to see more R.E.M. shows, and get the music recorded. From Seattle to Detroit to London, tapes told the story as the band just got better. All these years on, I’m a fan in particular of the guitar-and-voice arrangement Peter and Michael copped for “So. Central Rain,” which appears here. 

On this night, the penultimate of eight in the U.K., a 26-song set called on nine from "Fables," with selections from "Murmur" and "Reckoning" and, of course, a host of covers.

As of this writing, Mike Ziegler’s transfer made at our behest remains on the tracker, courtesy of another pal, ademotte. In fact, you may have grabbed it when it was originally posted by JEMS’ old ally Weedwacker67 in late 2010. But once we got Jared’s tapes cataloged, choosing candidates for an upgrade made eminently good sense. Weedwacker67’s original post presented Ziegler’s excellent transfer but was not mastered.

Another reason: technology allows subtle changes to make for optimal sound. We hope you discover that to be the case here; I find the new transfer and mastering place a greater premium on Michael Stipe’s vocals, which sound a good deal clearer.

I pinged our dear friend A to get her recollections of the trip, which she described as a “whirlwind near the beginning of my journey with R.E.M.” All the better to have a sharp recording to help remind us of the times and the music from the way back.

Thanks of course to Jared for a stellar capture, and to BK for more great work in post. Props to Mike and ademotte for the effort on the earlier installment.

Share it freely, and for free!

- slipkid68