R.E.M.
Aréna Maurice-Richard (or Maurice Richard Arena)
Montreal, Canada
Wednesday 29 October 1986

Support: The Feelies

Venue still exists, no name change as of 2020.

Lineage: Unknown microphone -> Aiwa hand held recorder (model unknown) -> Sony UCX-S90 cassette -> Flac

Flacs from master cassette supplied to Clumsiloe by taper -> sent to me

Remastered by eckythump using iZotope RX7 standard and iZotope Ozone 9. Tracks split using Audacity. Shared to Dime on 8 June 2020.

01. These Days
02. Harborcoat
03. Sitting Still
04. Hyena
05. We Walk
06. Feeling Gravitys Pull
07. The Flowers Of Guatemala <microphone cable comes loose during the song - many portions of the recording from here until during Little America are unlistenable when the taper realises and fixes it>
08. Driver 8
09. I Believe
10. Swan Swan H
11. Superman
12. Can't Get There From Here
13. Old Man Kensey
14. Pretty Persuasion
15. Auctioneer (Another Engine)
16. Little America

Encore 1
17. Fall On Me
18. Cuyahoga
19. Oddfellows Local 151
20. Begin The Begin

Encore 2
21. Riders In The Sky (Stan Jones cover)
22. Lightnin' Hopkins (cut)
23. See No Evil (Television cover)
24. Just A Touch

Encore 3
25. Finest Worksong - Will It Go 'Round In Circles (Billy Preston cover)
26. Strange (Wire cover)
27. Funtime (Iggy Pop cover)

Encore 4
28. So. Central Rain (I'm Sorry)

Missing from recording - The One I Love - played third, fourth or fifth in set. The R.E.M. Timeline lists this song as being played in the encore, we now doubt this was the case. It was almost without fail played between third and fifth in the set in 1986, and 1986 shows contained 17 songs in the main set, so it makes sense to move it back up the order. It also lists 'Pills' being played - it's undetermined if that were played or not.

Michael Stipe - Vocals
Peter Buck - Guitar
Mike Mills - Bass, vocals
Bill Berry - Drums, vocals
Buren Fowler - Guitar

Show notes: While R.E.M. were busy selling out theatres in the USA by this point, it seems Montreal was a little slower to catch on, with Montreal's The Gazette newspaper reporting in the 1 November 1986 edition about how music acts are struggling to sell out in the city (they didn't even bother to turn up to review the show). Excerpt from the article:
"When, through accident or design, alternative does reach the airwaves, there's still no guarantee a show will sell. Take R.E.M. for instance.

This fine Georgia-based folk rock band has received some local airplay, and wall-to-wall college crowd support during earlier concert appearances at the 1,100 capacity Spectrum. Their most recent LP, Lifes Rich Pageant, has been out plenty long enough to work through the collective local brain-pan. This is clearly a band on the way up.

Yet R.E.M. came into the modified 3,500 seat Maurice Richard Arena last Wednesday night and played before only 1,700.

R.E.M. guitarist Peter Buck blames the economy. "Ronald Reagan and the conservatives would have us believe we're all rich", he says. "But there are an awful lot of people out there without much of anything at all".

Though that hasn't hurt R.E.M. elsewhere during their successful two-month tour of North America, the $16.50 ticket price and a venue that's perceived as too big, too boomy and too ugly did nothing to entice CEGEP and university students away from whatever it is that students to with their spare time in this town.

Tim Mahoney, 23, is a Montreal native, Queens University graduate, guitar player and R.E.M. fan; he passed on Wednesday's show.

"I'm on UIC and I can't afford these luxuries any more. Anyway, I won't stand for venues like Verdun or Maurice Richard with their horrible sound, so right now I'm reduced to listening to local bands and looking for a drummer to start one of my own" "

So while the band only half sold out a poor sounding venue, they still put on a great show to those who turned up, with no less than 4 encores, and plenty of covers. The selling point for this show is the Finest Worksong - Will It Go 'Round In Circles performance - it's not Finest Worksong the complete song we know from Document, that hadn't been written yet. This is Michael reciting some of the lyrics to the song he had written at this point, which the band then ad libbed some music to, and that segued into Billy Preston's 'Will It Go 'Round In Circles', before circling back to the Finest Worksong lyrics. It's the only known the time the band did this, and is worth the price of the download alone. 

Recording notes: Unfortunately, this recording comes with some major warnings, namely half of it is unlistenable. The taper told Clumsiloe that the microphones became unplugged, which happened during The Flowers Of Guatemala. As a result, until half way through Little America, the music goes in and out, and is pretty much not worthy of your time spent listening to it, though glimpses can be heard, including a very long intro to Swan Swan H if you listen carefully enough. Then the taper realises during Little America, and the music is restored, so the encores sound fine (except the tape runs out half way through Lightnin' Hopkins, doh). Good thing R.E.M. usually saved their fun stuff for the encores, so you can still enjoy half the show here. If you download this show you have been warned! 

Torrent notes: The show was taped by Dime user 'wallersound', who is no longer here under that name (perhaps another? Feel free to identify yourself!). He provided flacs of his master cassette to Clumsiloe many years ago. Recently Mr Clumsiloe and I discussed whether we should get this one out there to the Dime nation despite its obvious flaws, because no other recording from this show has ever surfaced, and the encores are really fun to listen to. So I got the files, did what I could with them in iZotope, and here it is. Images of the master cassette inlay, and his ticket are included. 

This recording is dedicated to Tim Mahoney. Tim, I hope you're out there. I look forward to hearing how your band sounded when it played Maurice Richard Arena.

