R.E.M.
War Memorial Gymnasium
University of British Columbia
Vancouver, British Columbia
October 5, 1986
JEMS Master

Gear: Sony ECM-939 mic > Sony Walkman D6C (Dolby C on, Sony UCX-S90 CrO2 tape)
Transfer: Master cassette > Nakamichi CR-7A azimuth adjusted transfer (1/07) > Peak 5.2 (index and normalize) > FLAC 

01 These Days
02 Harborcoat
03 Hyena
04 We Walk
05 The One I Love
06 Shaking Through
07 Feeling Gravitys Pull
08 Femme Fatale
09 Driver 8
10 The Flowers Of Guatemala
11 I Believe (tiny bit at start missed for tape flip)
12 unknown ditty
13 Swan Swan H
14 Superman
15 Can't Get There From Here
16 Seven Chinese Brothers
17 Pretty Persuasion
18 Auctioneer (Another Engine)
19 Little America

01 Fall On Me
02 Cuyahoga
03 Maps And Legends
04 Just A Touch05 Harpers
06 Begin The Begin
07 Strange
08 Funtime
09 Toys In The Attic
10 After Hours

This was the fourth Northwest show in a row for some of us and third for me, starting in Eugene (still working to get the master from the archive), followed by Portland (previously torrented), Seattle (previously torrented) and Vancouver.

It was a strange night right from the get-go for reasons I'll let the essential R.E.M. concert database REMTimeline.com explain: "Because of a leaky roof, at some point in the day or two before the gig the event organizers were concerned about water damage to the auditorium floor. For this reason a large, square section of the floor directly in front of the centre of the stage was sectioned off. This meant that the crowd couldn't get very close to the band for most of the show. Luckily near the end Michael took his chances and jumped down (with a long mike cord) and sang the last few songs right up next to the audience on the floor at floor level."

JEMS was seated in the bleachers stage right, about halfway back. The strange situation with the floor spurred a chatty night from the stage, including one particularly memorable line about "loud-mouthed Canadians" that I used as the title of this show on the original cassettes.

I always considered this the weakest of the three masters I did on the Pageantry tour if only because I was sitting the furthest away, but it sounds pretty good today. Samples provided.

We were in the front row at the previous show in Seattle and at a quiet moment during the set I called out for "We Walk" and locked eyes with Stipe who gave me a very amused shake of the head no, and I responded with an exaggerated nod of the head yes. They didn't play it in Seattle but I'll take credit for its appearance in Vancouver. Back in those days, we had a saying that all the best R.E.M. shows have "Seven Chinese Brothers." I'm gonna say it holds true here.

Butterking for JEMS

