R.E.M.
Duesseldorf, Germany
TOR 3 
Friday 18. Oktober 1987

Repaired Version!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
-reseed-

minimax-master-series #102

Master - Audience recording from my old TDK-Sa C-90 Tapes
This is the new created version, new and directly taken from my old master-cassettes,
freshly burned on new CDs as the old version (or let me say: the old CDs) cracked down.
So, this time you shouldn't have any new sound problems.
The sound is not corrected. It comes directly from the cassettes, no remastering at all!!! 

My Artwork is included !! It's just a re-created artwork from my old self-made-box-set.
..and the setlist is a wrong one up there, but cannot be corrected on it, sorry.

This concert I taped with an AIWA walkman (I don't know what kind of AIWA) and an extra microphone
(I can't remember what microphone it was).

This concert I recorded from the middle of the audience about 7 meters from the stage.
The sound quality is vg + or better!!!

This was my second Stipe/Mills/Buck/Berry - live- experience in my life and this
is still the best concert of them I ever saw!!!
I saw and taped them two years before at the Zeche at Bochum, but that concert also exists
as a DVD and so on.. because it was shown on german TV at the Rockpalast. (But if there are
any crazy dimers out there who really - and I mean REALLY!! - want to have an audience-recording
of that I probably would seed it up here too!!)

So, here we have R.E.M. at their finest in that small club called the TOR 3.

I know there is another master from that evening circulating, but I thought: why not seed this
one too, so you can compare which one is better or perhaps you haven't grabbed the other one or whatelse.....

Here's the setlist:

Finest worksong
These days
Lightnin' Hopkins
Driver 8
Orange crush
White tornado
The one I love
Feeling gravitys pull
I believe
Exhuming McCarthy
????

Maps and legends
Superman
Tired of singing trouble
Just a touch
Odd fellows local 151
See no evil
It's the end of the world as we know it and I feel fine
Begin the begin
Fall on me
Disturbance at the heron house
Auctioneer
Little America
Harpers
20th century boy (T.Rex cover)
Life and how to live it
Angel
Funtime
A million
Afterhours (Velvet Underground cover)


Do not sell. For trading only. ..and -of course- for fun!