R.E.M.
Radio City Music Hall
New York, NY
October 6, 1987
Uncirculated Soundboard Recording via JEMS

JEMS Transfer: Maxell Master Cassette > Nakamichi RX-505 azimuth-adjusted playback > Sound Devices USBPre2 > Audacity 3.1 capture > iZotope RX10 Advanced and Ozone 9 > FLAC

01 Finest Worksong
02 These Days
03 Welcome To The Occupation
04 Cuyahoga
05 Exhuming McCarthy
06 Orange Crush
07 Feeling Gravitys Pull
08 King Of Birds
09 Sitting Still
10 Title
11 Billy Boy
12 I Believe
13 Oddfellows Local 151
14 It's The End Of The World As We Know It (And I Feel Fine)
15 Begin The Begin
16 Just A Touch
17 Wolves, Lower
18 Life And How To Live It

Known Faults: Missing "Fireplace," "Driver 8," "Superman," "Disturbance At The Heron House," "Fall On Me," "The One I Love," "Midnight Blue,", "Harpers", "I Still Haven't Found What I'm Looking For" and "Ain't No Sunshine." 
Splice in "Orange Crush", "I Believe" end cut, "Oddfellows Local 151" and "Just A Touch" joined in progress.

JEMS is delighted to continue a series of previously uncirculated R.E.M. soundboard recordings. Our own history with the band goes back to JEMS patriarch Jared Houser taping them in Detroit 1983. We collectively recorded R.E.M. dozens of times thereafter and collected live recordings for just as long. As such, we know what soundboard tapes are in circulation, which is what makes these new board recordings so welcome.

R.E.M. returns to Radio City Music Hall to play back to back shows on the Work tour and this recording comes from night one. On the road behind their fifth album Document, the band's setlist runs deep in support of the album, omitting only "Strange" and "Lightnin' Hopkins," though our recording also misses out on "Fireplace" (along with "Driver 8" and "Superman") after the tape flip to side two, and "Disturbance At The Heron House" and "The One I Love" due to a late restart of the tape recorder between the end of the main set and the encore. The recording of the rest of the encore restarts during "Just A Touch" missing out on the songs listed above as known faults, most frustratingly R.E.M.'s inspired cover of Lou Gramm's "Midnight Blue."

Those omissions aside, we are still treated to another powerful performance in the Big Apple and a good snapshot of the Work tour, plus the relatively rare inclusion of the non-album song "Title" and the still work-in_progress "Orange Crush" which will come out on the band's next album, Green.

Details of how this board recording was made are fuzzy but the provenance of the tape suggests this is the master cassette and the sound quality offers nothing to dispute that. We did a bit of work to bring the instruments into better balance, but like the recently released Radio City 1985 soundboard, this sounds great because it is the real deal. Samples provided.

Again, big thanks go out to By-Tor X-1 for the transfer and Walrus for his vital role in liberating these tapes. Moonvoices lent a hand as well, Professor Goody weighed in on pitch and mjk5510 handled post production. We’re grateful to work on such a major find for R.E.M. fans. Stay tuned for more.

BK for JEMS