R.E.M.
Dane County Coliseum
Madison, WI
Tuesday 3 November 1987

Support: The dB's

Current venue name: Veterans Memorial Coliseum

Lineage: Taper, equipment and generation unknown

Flacs provided by nakeddave. Remastered using iZotope RX7 standard and iZotope Ozone 9.Tracks split using Audacity, tagged with foobar.

01. Finest Worksong
<missing: These Days>
02. Moral Kiosk
03. Welcome To The Occupation
04. Fall On Me
<missing: Disturbance At The Heron House>
05. Exhuming McCarthy
06. Orange Crush
07. Feeling Gravitys Pull
08. I Believe
<missing: Maps and Legends / Driver 8>
09. Superman
10. Pretty Persausion
11. Oddfellows Local 151
12. Michael's Earthquake Story
13. It's The End Of The World As We Know It (And I Feel Fine)
14. Begin The Begin

Encore 1
15. Michael talks
16. Strange (Wire cover)
17. Cuyahoga
18. We Walk
19. Underneath The Bunker
<missing: Auctioneer (Another Engine)>

Encore 2
20. The One I Love
<missing: Pop Song 89>
21. See No Evil (Television cover)

Encore 3
22. Harpers
23. So. Central Rain (I'm Sorry)

Michael Stipe - Vocals
Peter Buck - Guitar
Mike Mills - Bass, vocals
Bill Berry - Drums, vocals
Buren Fowler - Guitar

Show notes: A pretty typical setlist for R.E.M. in 1987, but it does contain some chestnuts such as the rarely played Underneath The Bunker, a rarely played by 1987 We Walk, and a very detailed and entertaining story prior to It's The End Of The World As We Know It, that ends with the punchline the song they're about to play doesn't get played on the radio, presumably a dig after the song was ignored after the success of The One I Love. For those who have heard the wonderful recording of the Chicago show that took place 2 days later, it's a very similar story. 

Recording notes: This is a decent audience recording, a little blown out here and there, but sounds pretty good. I declipped to make it a little better and gave it an EQ adjustment. For those who care, no hiss was removed. Unfortunately the recording is missing random songs which are noted above (information from www.remtimeline.com), but given the rarity of this show, it's better than nothing.

Torrent notes: I can't find any evidence this show has been on Dime, or any other site before. This is what I would dub a 'rare one', albeit an incomplete rare one. It clearly began its life on a cassette somewhere, before it made its way to Dime user nakeddave's CDR's, then he ripped them to flac and they ended up in my hands, and now yours. If anyone has the complete show gathering dust on a cassette somewhere, please let us know.

This one goes out to Yertle the Turtle!