R.E.M.
Frankfurt, Germany
Kongresshalle
1989-06-28

Master - Audience recording from my old TDK-Sa C-90 Tapes

Of course with my homemade Cover - Artwork!!

This concert I taped with my SONY Professional D6 walkman and an extra microphone
(I can't remember what microphone it was).

I recorded it from the back-side-balcony of the hall about 20 (???) meters from the stage, but
the sound quality is excellent -!

This concert first was announced for the Volksbildungsheim at Frankfurt but it took
place in the bigger Kongresshalle.
Support-act were the great Go-Betweens!

As nearly always the R.E.M.-guys had some health-problems here in Europe and
they had to cancel some gigs or do them later as originally announced. (and
it was always me who had tickets for those cancelled shows!!) This time they had
planned to play Frankfurt much earlier in May and to play another town called
Bielefeld before (from which concert I hold a nice ticket). Bielefeld was cancelled,
Frankfurt took place in June - as you now can listen to.
I was lucky enough to have seen them before in May at Duesseldorf, but could not manage
to record it although I had my walkman with me, but as there weren't many people
around I decided to go into the front row.
And there I did not have the nerves to record the show.
Perhaps someone has a master from that show at Duesseldorf (perhaps you, bobfa...???) as I only
have a master-copy from it.

Here we have a normal, solid and fine performance of StipeMillsBuckandBerry from their
1989-Green-World-Tour.
This was the Michael Stipe - standing - on - a - chair - and - playing - drums - on - it -tour.

The Setlist:

Disc 01:
Pop song 89
Exhuming McCarthy
Turn you inside out
These days
Orange crush
Feeling gravity's pull
King of birds
Sitting still
World leader pretend

Disc 02
Begin the begin
Rotary ten
Pretty persuasion
I remember California
Get up
Life and how to live it
It's the end of the world as we know it and I feel fine
Finest worksong
Perfect circle
Dark globe
Afterhours

Do not sell. For trading only. ..and -of course- for fun!
Seed it wherever you like.
Do not convert it to MP3.

