R.E.M.
War Memorial
Syracuse, N.Y.
April 11, 1989


Lineage: Audience (walkman w/ built-in mics, Karen R. source)
> 1st generation tape > NERO ROM > Cool Edit (separation of
file into tracks; adding fades) > FLAC > you!

Sound Quality: B/B-


Disc 1:
1. Pop Song 89
2. Exhuming McCarthy
3. Welcome to the Occupation
4. Pilgrimage
5. Turn You Inside-Out
6. Driver 8
7. Orange Crush
8. Sitting Still
9. Feeling Gravity's Pull
10. Cuyahoga
11. We Live As We Dream, Alone / World Leader Pretend

    { Begin the Begin - missing, not recorded }

12. Pretty Persuasion (first half missing, not recorded)
13. Low (FIRST PERFORMANCE - LOUDER DRUMMING!)
14. Stony River
15. Tired of Singing Trouble
16. I Believe
17. Get Up
18. Auctioneer (Another Engine)
19. It's the End of the World As We Know It...

Disc 2:
1. Stand
2. With a Girl Like You (Mike Mills vocal)
3. Dark Globe
4. You Are the Everything
5. Finest Worksong
6. King of Birds
7. See No Evil
8. Harpers
9. Summertime
10. Crazy
11. Perfect Circle
12. Afterhours / [ Michael's "rhubarb" experiment ]***


This may seem like an average Green Tour recording, which is
true with one important exception: the first (and most
unusual) performance of "Low", including Bill Berry's
full-strength drumming.  After this performance, they didn't 
play the song again until mid-September, and by that time
it sounded much more like the "Out of Time" version complete
with quieter percussion.

My friend Karen R. recorded this on her walkman, and this is 
from my first-generation copy.  Unfortunately she missed
the last few seconds of "World Leader Pretend", all of 
"Begin the Begin", and the first half of "Pretty Persuasion".
Does anybody have an upgrade?  I'd love to have one!

*** Michael stops "Afterhours" and asks everyone in the crowd
to repeat the word "rhubarb" over and over again.  He explains
that in the early days of movie-making, actors in the background
of a scene would do this to create the sound of quiet 
background conversation.  I'm not sure if it worked the way
he thought it would, but it certainly was memorable and weird!
certainly was weird!