
R.E.M. 

Soundcheck

12 February 1989
recorded from outside Festival Hall
Melbourne, Victoria
Australia

1. Welcome To The Occupation (fades in, taper and friend talking)
2. Driver 8
3. Boy (Go)
4. Boy (Go) (a truck starts up near the taper mid-way through)
5. Maps and Legends (brief tape speed issue right at start)
6. Eleventh Untitled Song

total time = 15 mins 37 seconds

unknown taper > unknown generations in the trading world > audiowhore fix and remix version (2020).

---------------

I received this soundcheck along with a partial recording of that night's concert in a CD-r trade in 2005.
With mondoprune sharing his previously uncirculated recording of the Melbourne 1989 concert here yesterday, i dug this soundcheck out again.
As i remembered the pitch and speed were way off.
So i have corrected these and mixed the sound to improve it as much as possible.
But it is stll a rough listen.
With the taper recording from outside Festival Hall, you hear nearby traffic and and Bill Berry's drums have a long echo. 
The songs are identifiable though and this should be a major improvement over any version you may have heard before.

---------------

The main reason for sharing this is in the hope of the taper coming forward and agreeing to have their master tape of the Melbourne concert transferred - if it still exists.
A big if i know.
For anyone who has heard this taper's recording of the Melbourne show that night, it is clear that the tape incurred some serious detrimental impact during either it's original transfer or from the many generations of copies it indured before being put onto CD.
I think that once on CD it also sufferred from a dodgy burn process as well as there are many gaps throughout the recording that sound like they were introduced by a faulty CDr copying effort.
As noted on monoprune's torrent, it would be great to create a complete recording of the Melbourne show by adding the final 7 songs of the concert from an undamaged source onto the end of the new mondoprune source. 

 
---------------