10 November 1995
Dean E. Smith Student Activities Center,
University Of North Carolina, Chapel Hill, NC
support: Luscious Jackson

I was going to save this for the date of the 25th anniversary but with the news that Trump has been shitcanned I just can't contain myself.  It's like coming out of the cellar after a tornado.  You know there's damage and some work ahead, but you survived.


November 1995 found R.E.M. within sight of the finish line of what had been a brutal tour.  Illnesses and emergencies had forced cancellations and rescheduling and it must have seemed at times for them that the road would never end.  But now it was close.  They were returning, finally, to familiar ground, familiar faces and in the the pantheon of R.E.M. history North Carolina is probably second to only Athens.  As such there was a palpable bump in the band's energy this night.  The hard work was mostly behind them and this night they were going to have some fun. I have 75 Monster shows in my collection.  I've listened to them all over the last few months. This one and 06-24 are my favorites.  

Unfortunately I have no source or generation info for this show.  I graded sound quality a B: above average but not amongst the best of the tour.  Venue acoustics did the taper no favors. Regardless, many thanks are in order for that individual.  If you know who taped this or have a known source, I'd love to hear from you.

https://www.remhq.com/
http://www.remtimeline.com for all your R.E.M. setlist needs
http://www.remtimeline.com/listentome for an old school R.E.M. discussion board!

Disc One 67:39
01. I Took Your Name
02. What's The Frequency, Kenneth?
03. Crush With Eyeliner
04. Drive
05. The Wake-Up Bomb
06. Undertow
07. Losing My Religion
08. Begin The Begin
09. Binky The Doormat
10. Bang And Blame
11. Strange Currencies
12. Revolution
13. Tongue
14. Man On The Moon

Disc Two 57:31
01. Country Feedback
02. The One I Love
03. Orange Crush (beginning cut)
04. Get Up
05. Star 69
encore:
06. Let Me In
07. Everybody Hurts
08. Java - Band Intro
09. So. Central Rain (I'm Sorry)
10. Departure
11. I Got You Babe
12. It's The End Of The World As We Know It (And I Feel Fine)

Timeline notes: Amanda Brown plays violin on 'Losing My Religion' & 'Everybody Hurts'.

Notes:
-MS recites some Wake Up Bomb lyrics before the song again
-Around the block story before Binky and Last row story before Strange Currencies
-Before TOIL MM notes that R.E.M.'s first gig outside of Georgia took place at The Station nearby in Carrboro and that they met their future manager there.  MM "this song is about him".  MS "It's not actually aout him..."  MM "Well, figuratively".  MS then takes a moment to suggest the audience remove their clothes.
-Before So Central MS "I'll give you the story as I remember it.  We were driving an LTD, someones father's car, Bill's father's car.  With a little U-Haul trailer behind it and we were lost in town there   There's this guy named Ort and he lives in Athens.  He likes beer and he's a good guy.  And we're driving down the street and I saw this guy, a beanpole walking down the sidewalk and I said 'That guy looks like he would know Ort' so we stopped the car and asked him directions to the club and he said 'I'll see you there tonight' so we saw him there and he said 'Hi, my name is Jefferson".  Beautiful thing memory, isn't it?  BB(?) "When it works".  MS goes on to express his dissapointment in the lack of nudity in the crowd.
-After So Central, MS offers some political advice to the locals

Grade: B