15 September 1995 
The Cynthia Woods Mitchell Pavilion, 
The Woodlands, TX
support: Radiohead

Disc One 64:12 
01. I Took Your Name 
02. What's The Frequency, Kenneth? 
03. Crush With Eyeliner 
04. The Wake-Up Bomb 
05. The One I Love 
06. Binky The Doormat 
07. Bang And Blame 
08. Undertow 
09. Strange Currencies 
10. Revolution 
11. Tongue 
12. Man On The Moon (end cut)
13. Country Feedback 

Disc Two 45:45
01. Losing My Religion 
02. Departure 
03. Pop Song 89 
04. Get Up 
05. Star 69
encore:
06. Let Me In 
07. Everybody Hurts 
08. Wichita Lineman 
09. Begin The Begin 
10. Drift Away 
11. It's The End Of The World As We Know It (And I Feel Fine)

Notes:
-MS Before Wake Up Bomb "This song is at least one week old".
-MS notes they've only played The One I Love once in the last six years before the song is played.
-MS notes that Binky the Doormat has only been played once (on 9/13) before they play that song.  After the song "That was OK then".
-Before Undertow MS recalls "The other day we were in Meadow Park,  It wasn't so long ago, like maybe three days ago and it was a an outdoor(?) with the lawn in the back and it was pissing down rain..." he goes on to say that he would have rather been out on the lawn but what is most unusual is that their concert a few days prior to this one were indoors and the concert at Southpark Meadows was yet to happen.  Anyway, MS continues "That's what I always think about when think about the big lawn anymore is they're ripping off their clothes and they're kissing strangers and it's o.k.".  After the song he notes that is the third new song they've played so far.
-typical boy songs/girl songs before Tongue, but iy is introduced for first time (?) with tits.
-Before MOTM MS "I got this shirt the other night, someone threw it on stage.  I think it's ind of cool.  There's a lot of explanations for this song, I don't feel like giving them".  After the track MS laments he is not able to do his Elvis dance due to his recent surgery and is consoled by MM 'You'll get there". 
-Usual departure story
-Country Feedback solo 1:15
-Before band intros MS "I used to live in Texas.  Some of you probably know that.  Let me tell you something.  It's really scary to have a vivid memory that is 2 years old, speaking as a 35 year old.  But I have to say that the five years I spent in Texas are five years of my life.  Thusly, and this is all going to come together right now so just hang in. (?)  I was in the gift shop of the hotel yesterday with the singer for Radiohead, Thom, and if you wanna shake the bass players hand he's standing right behind you.  And Thom and I were remarking, he's from Great Britain and a t-shirt that says 'don't mess with Texas'.  So what does this mean anywhere outside of the U.S.?  I know what it means and I like Texas so I'm ok with it.  But I'm going to give it to those guys [Radiohead?] so they can share it around".  He then proclaims Radiohead "The coolest band in the universe".  
-Wichita Lineman is dedicated to Stephanie on her birthday

Grade: C
-lots of hiss and some nr artifacts.  MS very talkative.