R.E.M.
Shoreline Amphitheatre
Mountain View
CA

May 15, 1995
JEMS Matrix Master

Musicians:

Bill Berry 
Peter Buck 
Mike Mills 
Michael Stipe 
Nathan Decemeber
Scott McCaughey


Taping Gear Source One (the late great Jared Houser): Nakamichi CM700 Microphones > Sony D7 DAT
Taping Gear Source Two (BW): Audio Technica AT853 Microphones > Sony D7 DAT

Lineage: DAT master of Source One Right Channel and DAT Clone of Source Two Left Channel > TC Finalizer > Matrix DAT > Tascam DA 302 (2020 Transfer) > Sound USBPre2 > Audacity > iZotope RX and Ozone 8 > .wav

Track splits etc: Clumisloe (uploader) Audition 1.5 (add track IDs) > flac > you.


01 What's The Frequency, Kenneth?
02 Circus Envy
03 Crush With Eyeliner
04 Drive
05 Me In Honey
06 Try Not To Breathe
07 I Don't Sleep, I Dream
08 Strange Currencies
09 Revolution
10 Tongue
11 Man On The Moon
12 Country Feedback
13 Monty Got A Raw Deal
14 Losing My Religion
15 So. Central Rain (I'm Sorry)
16 Star Me Kitten
17 I Took Your Name
18 Departure
19 Star 69
20 Get Up
21 Let Me In
22 Everybody Hurts
23 Pop Song 89
24 Bang And Blame
25 It's The End Of The World As We Know It (And I Feel Fine)



The late, great Jared Houser loved a lot artists and R.E.M. was among his true favorites. He started taping them in 1983 and continued through to the band’s last shows in 2008, often seeing multiple concerts on a single tour.

The 1995 was no exception, though of course it was an exceptional tour for a number of reasons, not the least of which was the aneurysm Bill Berry suffered in Europe that threatened his life and existence of the band.

The tour started auspiciously with shows in Australia and Asia, several performances of which were recorded with JEMS equipment by our ally and friend slipkid68 who traveled to the Oz shows. We plan to get his captures of the tour’s earliest stages out to you soon.

Bill Berry suffered the brain aneurysm on stage in Switzerland, which led to the cancelation of shows in March, April and early May. Thankfully, Berry recovered and R.E.M.’s tour was set to resume with three shows at the Shoreline Amphitheatre in Mountain View, CA, gigs Jared was not going to miss. He traveled down from Washington State and recorded all three with Nakamichi 700 microphones and likely his Sony D7 DAT deck.

It was around this time that Jared started experimenting with matrix recordings. Another longtime JEMS comrade, BW, recorded the show with Audio Technica AT853 mics and the same Sony DAT. He made a DAT clone of his master for Jared, who then spent hours working with both DAT sources, syncing his own Right channel with BW’s Left channel. In those days, our mastering was done with an piece of outboard gear called a TC Finalizer. After meticulously matching the channels, Jared himself mastered the show on the Finalizer and created a new matrix master DAT marked “finished combined tape with EQ.”

He undoubtedly shared it with me and a few others, but to the best of our knowledge, this version of the 5/15/95 show was never shared widely, apparently not even with BW who told me just yesterday, “Not sure I’ve ever heard that matrix, but God, I know Jared LOVED that tour!”

With so much on the line after Bill’s scare, the band made sure they were ready for Mountain View. The first night and the two shows that follow are terrific performances and representative of R.E.M.’s playing prowess in this era, with a setlist heavy on recent and future material including previews of songs intended for what would become their next album, New Adventures In Hi-Fi. On this night they feature “Departure,” which would make Hi-FI, and “Revolution” which would not, though it was released in 1997 on the Batman and Robin soundtrack. Go figure.

The bulk of the set is drawn from Monster and Automatic For The People with a smattering of other selections from the late ‘80s and early ‘90s, plus throwbacks “So. Central Rain (I’m Sorry) and “It’s The End of the World As We Know It (And I Feel Fine).”

Because Jared finished this project, I did no additional mastering save for evening out the levels. You’re hearing what Jared thought was the best representation of this performance, blending his recording and BW’s. I think it sounds fantastic and is one of the stronger audience tapes of the 1995 tour. Samples provided.

Thanks to BW for contributing his outstanding recording to the project and to the late Jared Houser for yet another excellent example of audience taping and post-production ingenuity. Shout out to skipkid68, for his continued role in the R.E.M. division of JEMS and to Clumsiloe and Nakeddave who are keeping the R.E.M. live recording torch alive and handled the final steps of posting this show.

BK for JEMS


