R.E.M.
Omnisport Palais De Paris Bercy (venue name as at 2021: AccorHotels Arena)
Paris, France
Monday 3 July 1995

Support: Belly

Digitised to WAV from cassette kindly supplied by Henrik1978. Audience recording, unknown taper and equipment

Eckythump April 2021 remaster: iZotope RX8 Advanced (various adjustments) -> iZotope Ozone 9 (EQ adjustments) -> Audacity 3.0.2 (split tracks and export to FLAC Level 8) -> Traders Little Helper 2.8.4 (Fix SBE's, ffp and md5 files) -> foobar2000 1.6.5 (files tagged)

Track List:

00 - Intro
01 - I Took Your Name
02 - What's The Frequency, Kenneth?
03 - Crush With Eyeliner
04 - Drive
05 - Try Not To Breathe
06 - Welcome To The Occupation
07 - Undertow
08 - Bang and Blame
09 - Strange Currencies
10 - I Don't Sleep, I Dream
11 - Revolution
12 - Tongue
13 - Man On The Moon
14 - Country Feedback
15 - Half A World Away
16 - Losing My Religion
17 - Pop Song 89
18 - Finest Worksong
19 - Get Up
20 - Star 69 (cut at start)

Encore
21 - Let Me In
22 - Everybody Hurts
23 - Band intros
24 - So. Central Rain (I'm Sorry)
25 - Departure
26 - It's The End Of The World As We Know It (And I Feel Fine)

Michael Stipe - Vocals
Peter Buck - Guitar, mandolin
Mike Mills - Bass Guitar, backing vocals 
Bill Berry - Drums, backing vocals
Scott McCaughey - Guitar, keyboards, backing vocals
Nathan December - Guitar

Show notes: The fifth show of the European summer leg of the Monster tour, this show was originally scheduled for 7 March but was cancelled after Bill's aneursym on stage in Lausanne on 1 March. Parisians were one of the lucky ones that got their indoor show rescheduled, with most of the other European shows planned for indoor arenas not going ahead (and then Mike's abdominal surgery cancelled more one week after this show...)

This show finds the band in fine form, with a reasonably standard Monster tour setlist that featured most of the new album, a few new ones (The Wake-Up Bomb was still a month away from debuting though), and four songs from the IRS years, more than usual for this tour.

During the band intros, someone in the crowd apparently yells out 'fuck off' to Michael, which received a surprisngly mellow response - it was almost 10 years prior that someone tried that in Ottawa during 'Moon River' and was met with a very different response!

A fan review of the show can be found here - it's in French but Google is kind enough to automatically translate it to the language of your choice if like me and Michael you don't speak French - https://www.musiques-en-live.com/?p=92292

Recording notes: This is a decent, if unspectacular recording. It sounds a bit 'thin', but it's a pleasant enough listen. This is a recording that has not circulated widely, and Dime user Henrik1978 was kind enough to digitise his cassette and send it across to me for wider distribution. As such, this should be the first time this show has been circulated in the digital world, almost 26 years after the show. Thank you Henrik! I've tweaked it a little to make the listening experience more pleasant. Samples provided.

~~~~~

To connect with fellow R.E.M. fans and collectors (and a lot more R.E.M. rarities that don't make it onto Dime), please visit http://remtimeline.com/listentome/ - we're a friendly bunch and if you request a show there, chances are someone will fulfill your request quite quickly. You'll also find a list of all known R.E.M. recordings in existence there, updated frequently. If you register but don't get an email confirmation send me a PM and I will follow up, sometimes they get lost. Hope to see you there!