R.E.M.
Rock Werchter Festival
Werchter, Leuven (Belgium)
July 4th, 1999

Source: AUD > ? > CDR > EAC > FLAC


Setlist:

Disc 1: (62')

01 Have You Ever Seen The Rain? *
02 Lotus
03 What's The Frequency, Kenneth?
04 The Wake-Up Bomb
05 Sitting Still
06 Daysleeper
07 Electrolite
08 Fall On Me
09 The Apologist
10 Sweetness Follows
11 The One I Love
12 The Great Beyond
13 Losing My Religion
14 Country Feedback

Disc 2: (56')

01 At My Most Beautiful
02 Find The River
03 Everybody Hurts
04 Finest Worksong
05 Walk Unafraid
06 Man On The Moon
07 Black Boys On Mopeds/I'm Not Over You **
08 Why Not Smile
09 Crush With Eyeliner
10 Tongue
11 Cuyahoga
12 It's The End Of The World As We Know It (And I Feel Fine)


notes: 

Very good recording, almost like SDB

* Stipe solo
** (1st verse Stipe solo) Black Boys On Mopeds is a Sinead O'Connor song which Stipe attempted
   but didn't get very far with 

Other Acts Performing before R.E.M.: Mercury Rev, Pavement, Blur, The Chemical Brothers, Metallica, Live
				     Marilyn Manson, Lenny Kravitz, Placebo 

For the fourth time in 14 years REM played the Werchter festival and for the fourth time it was raining.
So they started the set with the organist playing Creedence Clearwater Revival
and Stipe (green eyes and "rain" written on his hand) singing : "I wanna know have you ever seen the rain, coming down
on a sunny day".
Then the band kicked off with lotus, WTFK and wake up bomb. Stipe was really talkative all time,
joking and letting us in on what his favourite song is : country feedback and Peter's fav : sweetness follows. 
Set included further : daysleeper, at my most beautifull (personal highlight), electrolite, find the river,
finest worksong (another personal highlight), man on the moon, the one I love, the apologist, I'm not over you,
sitting still, losing my religion, fall on me (and another personal highlight), everybody hurts,
and a great new song. Something with "pushing an elephant up the stairs" A great up tempo song,
something between "WTFK" and "the sidewinder sleeps tonight". 
For the encores Stipe came up solo with acoustic guitar and started playing the first verse of
"black boys on mopeds" by Sinead o'connor, starting over a couple of times cuz he couldn't get the chords right
and tried some other song which I don't know. Then Peter took the guitar and they played "why not smile" ,
followed by crush with eyeliner, tongue (Stipe : "This next song has tits, it's dedicated to all the women out there")
and cuyahoga. Then Stipe told us he was talking to Placebo earlier on that day and they told him
today would be the end of the world according to Nostradamus.
Stipe asked if it was past midnight yet, the crowd replied yes and Stipe : "fuck, we made it"
followed by a real loud version of "end of the world". 
It was a real great show, not as loud as the Monster tour but there was this great atmosphere
with people singing along with the slower songs and jumping around with the fast songs,
Stipe dancing in his own particular way, crowdpleasing, crowdteasing
("you guys look pretty sexy, being so wet, I wanna stand between you with a glass of ice tea and cheap rum")
More than ever REM is Stipe. I bet he'd make a great actor. 
