R.E.M.
Hallenstadion
Zurich, Switzerland
Wednesday 14 July 1999

Support: Wilco

Lineage: CDR->EAC->Over the interwebs to me->retransmitted to Chris->Some Chris remaster magic->Back to me->you

All tracks tagged using Foobar 2000 V1.5.5

Unknown taper and equipment. Remastered by Chris Hartstonge.

CDR's ripped to flac kindly provided to me by Henrik1978. Seeded to Dime by eckythump 2 September 2020.

01 - Airportman -> Lotus 
02 - What's The Frequency, Kenneth?
03 - New Test Leper
04 - Suspicion
05 - The Wake-Up Bomb 
06 - How The West Was Won And Where It Got Us
07 - Daysleeper
08 - The Apologist
09 - Everybody Hurts
10 - Sweetness Follows
11 - The Great Beyond
12 - The One I Love
13 - At My Most Beautiful
14 - Losing My Religion
15 - Country Feedback
16 - Pop Song 89
17 - Star 69
18 - Walk Unafraid
19 - Privilege (Set Me Free) (snippet - Patti Smith cover)
20 - Man On The Moon

Encore
21 - Falls To Climb (Michael solo)
22 - Why Not Smile
23 - Crush With Eyeliner
24 - Tongue
25 - Happy Birthday To Bertis Downs
26 - Parakeet
27 - It's The End Of The World As We Know It (And I Feel Fine)

Michael Stipe- Vocals, guitar on Falls To Climb
Peter Buck - Guitar, mandolin
Mike Mills - Bass, vocals
Scott McCaughey - Guitar, keyboards, vocals
Ken Stringfellow - Guitar, keyboards, vocals
Joey Waronker - Drums, percussion

Show notes: This was a great show from the highly underrated 1999 Up tour. R.E.M. were due to play 2 shows at this venue on 2 and 3 March 1995, which were the first shows to be cancelled after Bill Berry's collapse on stage on 1 March in Lausanne. As such, at the start of the show Michael talks about how happy they are to be back after 4 years and 4 months from when they were meant to be there, and prior to Everybody Hurts gives a wonderful speech about Bill and how he's really happy now and what he'd be doing at that particular time back on his farm, and how Bill wrote that song for you. It's really touching and heartwarming. Set highlights include the rarely performed New Test Leper, How The West Was Won And Where It Got Us, as well as the debut of Falls To Climb, performed by Michael solo, and one of the very few times Parakeet was performed (this would be the final time outside of soundchecks). Michael always complained about how hard it was to sing that song, so perhaps no surprise it was shelved. And whenever Country Feedback is performed you know the show is a winner. The other highlight is the odd buzzing noise the crowd makes after Losing My Religion which left Michael very bemused, and led to a very funny comment. Is this a Swiss thing? Highly recommended listening for any R.E.M. fan.

Recording notes: This recording was originally made in mono, and while sounding ok, had a lot of scope for improvement. Chris has converted the recording to stereo and done a terrific remastering job. It sounds a lot better than it originally did. You'll enjoy listening to this one. Samples provided.

Torrent notes: As far as I can tell, this show was traded to a few people on CDR, but it never circulated widely, and this is the first time it's been out in torrent land. Even if you were one of the few who own a CDR copy of it, this version is a significant upgrade on the original recording. Thanks again to Henrik1978 for providing the files. I also added an image of the poster for the show. Enjoy!

http://www.remtimeline.com/ for all your R.E.M. setlist needs!


