R.E.M 23 June 1999 - Earl's Court, London, England 
 
set: Lotus / What's The Frequency, Kenneth? / So Fast, So Numb / Suspicion / The Apologist / Sitting Still / Daysleeper / Wake-Up Bomb / How The West Was Won And Where It Got Us / The One I Love / Sweetness Follows / At My Most Beautiful / Losing My Religion / The Great Beyond / Everybody Hurts / Country Feedback / Star 69 / Walk Unafraid / Finest Worksong / Suspicious Minds (part) / Man On The Moon 
encore: Why Not Smile / Crush With Eyeliner / Tongue / Parakeet / Cuyahoga / It's The End Of The World As We Know It (And I Feel Fine)

support: Wilco

This is the second of the UK shows that I recorded during the Up Tour.  Over the coming weeks and months, I intend to distribute.

As always the setlist is taken from Darryl White's incomporable and essential REM Timeline ( www.remtimeline.com - your one stop shop for all matters related to REM shows and setlists). The two reviews I've  included here are also from that source.

Recorded from the Peter side of balcony.

Recording Lineage Sony ECM - MS 907 electret condensor mic>Sony MZ-R35 MD recorder N.B. in MONO mode> Cool Edit 2000 (with no tweaking at all!) >CDWav>flac 

There are separate folders for Disc 1 and Disc 2 and you'll note that last song on Disc One fades out and the first song on Disc Two fades in).  The three second fade out is taken from the first track of the next disc.  The three second fade in is taken from the last track of the preceding disc.  In other words, every second of my recording is included intact.  The fade-ins/outs are added on to tidy it up a little.

NO ELECTRONS WERE HARMED, EXPLOITED OR MISTREATED DURING THE RECORDING AND SEEDING PROCESSES

I also recorded the Wilco set from this show.  If there's any interest, I'll ditribute that too.

Reviews 
By Stuart Mclerie
REM 23-6-99 Earls Court London 

Last night was the first time for 10 years since I'd seen REM in concert and I wasn't disappointed. After having tickets for one of the cancelled shows in 1995 I was really excited at finally seeing the boys after a decade. After starting with the great new song Lotus they ripped into Whats the Frequency Kenneth. At this point I cant remember the exact order of songs due to my alchohol intake but I can recall a lot of newer material early on. The only disappointing aspect of the evening were the crowd who were like statues for most of the night. I mean you pay £30 for a ticket, at least look like your enjoying yourself! Sad people who obviously jumped on board around the "Out of Time" era. Despite this, the music was superb, particular favs were Finest Worksong, Star 69, Crush With Eyeliner and Cuyahoga. A welcome addition the the set was Everybody Hurts which I dont think they have played so far this tour. A funny point in the evening occurred when Michael started doing an Elvis Presley impression (i think Suspicious Minds) which the band started to play, but then Michael stopped singing with embarrasment. All in all an excellent concert but unfortunately not memorable due to the lack of crowd participation. End of the World as We Know It ended the evening on a big high though. 



By Gordon
I am a huge fan of Wilco and was brutally disapointed by their opening performance. It was sort of asleep. But, REM came out and saved my mood by playing the best show that Ive seen them do for ten years. They had energy, drive and desire. The country feedback was just about the best piece of music I have heard live for ages- so mesmerizing. I felt it. I know that sounds absurd, but I truly felt a connection during the tune, all lit in blues and greens behind them. They looked ghostly, spectral, beautiful. Stipe told a joke which was fun, and generally was honest and human as a front man. The girls in the first few rows took their clothes off and he thanked them for it. The version of sweetness follows was sublime. Star 69 (a song I do not love) was relentlessly powerful. So was finest worksong. I beliewve was fun to hear again too. Anyway, great show. 
 