R.E.M.
Chastain Park Amphitheatre, Chastain Memorial Park
Atlanta, GA
Sunday 29 August 1999

AUD recording unknown equipment
Known lineage: SILVER CD-R > AIFF > FLACer

01 - Airportman (intro)
02 - Lotus
03 - What's The Frequency, Kenneth?
04 - The Wake-Up Bomb
05 - Pilgrimage
06 - Suspicion
07 - Electrolite
08 - Everybody Hurts
09 - Daysleeper
10 - The Apologist
11 - Sweetness Follows
12 - The Great Beyond
13 - The One I Love
14 - Michael talks
15 - Find The River
16 - Audience cheers
17 - At My Most Beautiful
18 - Finest Worksong
19 - Losing My Religion
20 - Man On The Moon
21 - Walk Unafraid

Encore
22 - Hope (Michael solo)
23 - Nightswimming (w/ Jun-Ching Lin on Violin & Deborah Workman)
24 - Crush With Eyeliner
25 - Tongue
26 - Band intros
27 - Cuyahoga
28 - It's The End Of The World As We Know It (And I Feel Fine)

Michael Stipe- Vocals, guitar on Hope
Peter Buck - Guitar, mandolin
Mike Mills - Bass, vocals
Scott McCaughey - Guitar, keyboards, vocals
Ken Stringfellow - Guitar, keyboards, vocals
Joey Waronker - Drums, percussion

Show notes: The first of 3 homecoming shows in Atlanta on the Up tour. Of note, Michael dedicates Find The River to Bill, and he's spotted by the crowd standing at side of stage. After the crowd cheers for Bill and chants his name, he comes out on stage and waves, but leaves again without playing anything. This was the tour debut for Nightswimming, and features Jun-Ching Lin on Violin & Deborah Workman on oboe, joining Michael and Mike on the song. A great show to kick off the homestand.

Recording notes: This is a very good audience recording, recorded with unknown equipment, but my hunch is it's a DAT. This show was released as a double CD bootleg by 'Flashback World Productions', which I believe was connected to a person who runs a record store in Athens, GA (not Wuxtry, the other one). They also were connected with releasing a number of other R.E.M. bootlegs as well. The CD cover features a scan of a ticket stub from the show - I don't know if that was the taper's location, but it very well could have been. Regardless, this is a very clear, crisp recording which is easy to listen to.

Torrent notes: I scoured the Dime archives and can't find any history of a torrent of this show on here before. I received the show from another trader in an online trade. I renamed the files, tagged them and added an ffp and md5 file. I've also added photos of the bootleg CD cover front and back. The recording itself is untouched. Enjoy!