R.E.M.
October 23, 2001
The Crocodile Cafe
Seattle, WA

Source: unknown mics > DAT
Lineage: DAT > CDR > SHN

Known flaws:
Disc 1 Track 11 dropout at 2:55 and 3:16
Disc 1 Track 15 dropout at 2:39
Disc 2 Track 06 dropout at 0:27

Disc 1
01 Intro
02 Imitation of Life
03 All the Way to Reno
04 The Great Beyond
05 So Fast, So Numb
06 Dead From the Waist Down
07 Long Road (with Eddie Vedder)
08 Cuyahoga
09 Let Me In
10 The Lifting
11 She Just Wants to Be
12 At My Most Beautiful
13 Country Feedback
14 Losing My Religion
15 Walk Unafraid
16 Conga Line
17 All the Right Friends
18 Betterman
19 I've Been High
20 Man On the Moon
21 Begin the Begin (with Eddie Vedder)
22 banter
23 It's the End of the World as We Know It -> (with Eddie Vedder)
24 People Have the Power ->
25 It's the End of the World as We Know It

Notes: This surprise R.E.M. show at the Croc was billed as a Minus 5 benefit for the Washington Wilderness Coalition, and sold out right about the time people started to notice all members of R.E.M. present as well as one Mr. Ed Vedder, introduced by Michael as "Humbert Humbert, Jr." (See Lolita if you need the literary reference.) 'Long Road' is about fourth or fifth in the set and has Ed playing acoustic guitar - it's kind of rough but nice to hear. A few songs later, Michael starts asking what happened to his drink, and the next song, Ed comes out onstage with a tray of drinks and serves everyone in the band. He repeats this a few numbers later and somehow ends up kissing Peter Buck. When the band come out for the encore, they are led in a conga line by Ed, with his tshirt tucked up into the collar exposing his stomach (when was the last time we saw Vedder's stomach onstage? Anyone??), wearing a cowboy hat, and carrying another tray of drinks. "Do you guys have any idea how fucking cool Eddie Vedder is?" asks Michael Stipe, as he launches into a lyrically dubious version of 'Better Man' ("she dreams in circles"? eesh) He finishes the song and announces, "Welcome to my shower - there it is." There is some discussion on the stage and Michael is heard saying, "Are you sure? I don't even think I know the lyrics ..." and a minor riot ensues when R.E.M. start up 'Begin the Begin' (from Lifes Rich Pageant) and Ed and Michael trade verses, with Ed seeming to know the words better than Michael does (but with fuckups along the lines of "she dreams in circles" so I guess they're even). The evening is finished off with the 'It's The End of the World As We Know It'/'People Have The Power' mix, with Ed taking more of an active vocal role in both songs, verses and choruses of PHTP and the backing "It's time I had some time alone" line from 'ITEOTW.' During the instrumental break, Ed grabs Michael and starts dancing with him, some weird cross between ballroom dancing and swing dancing. Honestly. We're really not making any of this up....  (From Fivehorizons.com)
