R.E.M.
Amphitheater At Clark County
Ridgefield, WA
Wednesday 3 September 2003

Support: Wilco

Venue name as of September 2020: Sunlight Supply Amphitheater

Lineage: CDR->EAC->Over the interwebs to me->retransmitted to Chris->Some Chris remaster magic->Back to me->you

All tracks tagged using Foobar 2000 V1.5.5

Unknown taper and equipment. Remastered by Chris Hartstonge.

CDR's ripped to WAV kindly provided to me by Nakeddave. Seeded to Dime by eckythump 3/4 September 2020, depending on your location in the world.

01. Finest Worksong
02. These Days
03. Drive
04. Animal
05. Daysleeper
06. Orange Crush
07. Bad Day 
08. Electrolite 
09. The One I Love 
10. I've Been High	
11. Feeling Gravitys Pull
12. Begin The Begin 
13. Nightswimming
14. Losing My Religion
15. She Just Wants To Be
16. Walk Unafraid
17. Man On The Moon

Encore
18. Everybody Hurts
19. Imitation Of Life
20. It's The End Of The World As We Know It (And I Feel Fine)

Michael Stipe - Vocals, harmonica
Peter Buck - Guitar, mandolin
Mike Mills - Bass Guitar, keyboards, backing vocals
Scott McCaughey - Guitar, backing vocals
Bill Rieflin - Drums
Ken Stringfellow - Keyboards, guitar

Show notes: Following on from a fantastic Labor Day show in Seattle 2 days prior (torrent still available here http://www.dimeadozen.org/torrents-details.php?id=675276), the band move down the west coast and find themselves in a place I must admit I wasn't familiar with called Ridgefield, just over the Oregon border from Portland still in Washington state. This confused Michael too, because he also thought he was in Oregon, which is results in quite a funny bit of banter early in the show. One of the shorter shows from thw tour at only 20 songs (presumably there was a tight curfew), but a really fun show with the band in great spirits. And any show with Nightswimming in the setlist is a winner in my books. This one comes highly recommended.

Recording notes: This was already a very good audience recording, but Chris has done a fantastic remastering job here and it sounds even better now. If you enjoy 2003 era R.E.M. you'll love listening to this one.   

Torrent notes: As far as I can tell this show has only had limited circulation between a small group of traders, and has never been uploaded to Dime before. On the 17th anniversary of the show it's time to fix that. Thanks to Nakeddave for the original files. Image of the setlist and ticket also included. Enjoy!

http://www.remtimeline.com/ for all your R.E.M. setlist needs!