3.18 2005
R.E.M.
Live At Grand Cube Osaka, Osaka 
Started at 19:50 
Ended at 21:50

Media: 2CDR with Art Work
Catalog: Element Of Light (T&J-J-008/9)
Lineage: AUD Recording (Mic&Battery Box Not Disclosed Here) > TCD-D100 >Santa Cruz Turtle Beach > Sound Stream(Spin Doctor)>WAV> Flac Frontend > FLAC (level 6) 
Taper: Tom & Jerry (the recording is JerryÅfs work and the artwork Tom's)

DISC 1
1. I Took Your Name 
2. Bad Day 
3. So Fast, So Numb 
4. Animal 
5. Strange Currencies 
6. The Outsiders 
7. So. Central Rain 
8. High Speed Train 
9. Exhuming McCarthy 
10. Leaving New York Å@ 
11. Orange Crush 
12. I Wanted To Be Wrong 
13. Final StrawÅ@ 

DISC 2
1. The One I Love 
2. Walk Unafraid 
3. Imitation Of Life 
4. Losing My Religion 
<encore> 
5. What's The Frequency, Kenneth? 
6. Everybody Hurts 
7. Electron Blue 
8. Nightswimming 
9. Find The River 
10. The Great Beyond
11. Band Introduction 
12. I'm Gonna DJ 
13. Man On The Moon 
 
Note:
Great Band, excellent music and wild audience.
R.E.M was in the top shape and held the best show in Japan.  Unlike other (well-organized & well-behaved) rock concert in Japan, here in Osaka the audience was wild and spontaneous.  Michael Stipe really enjoyed the audience reactions and played extra two songs (requested by the audience), which inevitably push the end time of the concert to the 10 min before 10:00PM. (The band barely kept the cityÅfs Fire Safety Regulations of ending the show before 10:00 PM and no other bands have ever ended the show so late at this venue to the best of my knowledge.)  The band promised to come back to Osaka some day  : ) 

I believe R.E.M is now traveling around Australia for the shows and would soon kick off the Europe tour.  If you have a chance to see them play, I highly recommend that you should go get a ticket.  R.E.M. is the real live band and it would promise the kick-ass live experience.

The recording is very good, upfront & well-balanced but  you might be annoyed by this shrieking girl standing in front of the taper. When Michael hit the stage in style, it took her some time to calm down.  She did not scream all the time but every now and then through the first few songs.  Bear with her.  The bootlegger might come up with a better recording later.  So enjoy this at least for a while.

Like always I wonÅft keep this open for long.  Please make sure you keep it open for others even after you are done downloading.

Tom & Jerry

P.S

The Artwork listed only 12 tracks on the second disc but there are 13 tracks.  The missing track is the band introduction.  Sorry for the confusion.