R.E.M.
Nokia Live At Grand Prairie
Grand Prairie, TX
Friday 24 October 2008

Source/lineage: DPA 4061>Sony D100 DAT>Sony CDR W66>CDR>EAC>WAV>Flac (level 8) (tagged in foobar2000 v1.4.6)
Taper: V4TX

Original version seeded to Dime on 26 October 2008 by keithdylan

Remastered by Chris Hartstonge March 2020 and re-uploaded to Dime by eckythump 2 March 2020
 
01. Living Well Is The Best Revenge
02. These Days
03. What's The Frequency, Kenneth?
04. Drive
05. Man Sized-Wreath
06. Ignoreland
07. Walk Unafraid
08. Hollow Man
09. Electrolite
10. Imitation Of Life
11. Exhuming McCarthy
12. Auctioneer (Another Engine)
13. Disturbance At The Heron House
14. The One I Love
15. She Just Wants To Be
16. I've Been High
17. Let Me In
18. Horse To Water
19. Bad Day 
20. Orange Crush

Encore:
21. Supernatural Superserious 
22. Losing My Religion
23. Sing For The Submarine
24. 7 Chinese Bros. / Michael tells stories
25. It's The End Of The World As We Know It (And I Feel Fine)
26. Man On The Moon

Michael Stipe - Vocals, harmonica
Peter Buck - Guitar, mandolin
Mike Mills - Bass Guitar, keyboards, backing vocals 
Bill Rieflin - Drums
Scott McCaughey - Guitar, keyboards, backing vocals

Show notes: This was a really great show, a great performance and a with an election less than 2 weeks away at the time, Peter chose a setlist full of protest songs at the current administration, which you could imagine the band playing in 2020 if they were still touring. While unknown at the time, this turned out to be R.E.M.'s final non festival show in the USA, and its second to last. Michael actually dropped a huge clue as to the future of the band during this show which never really got picked up - after Losing My Religion he told the crowd that it might be their last ever show in Dallas, Texas, which drew many boos, after which he backtracked and said it might not be, but clearly it was on his mind, and makes me wonder if R.E.M. had already decided the end was nigh by this point. Michael also told some great lengthy stories about the history of the songs 'What's The Frequency, Kenneth?' and 'Supernatural Superserious' after '7 Chinese Bros.' which is essential listening for any R.E.M. fan. The show also includes a very rare performance of 'Sing For The Submarine', which was only played live 3 times, this one being the last time. With the benefit of hindsight, it certainly feels like the band are saying goodbye to Dallas at this show.

Recording notes: The original torrent notes stated "Pretty nice recording of a really nice show. Quiet bunch of people around me, help to make this a nice listen.  You will notice how overbearing the bass drum was in the mix.  The proof is during “Frequency” where the pedal brakes and the recording loses almost all bottom.  I thought I heard a couple of spots where the bottom distorts, but this is very rare." Overall it's a fine sounding recording, and with the remaster (see below) it's never sounded better.

Torrent notes: As noted above, this show was uploaded to Dime a few days after being recorded back in 2008, and then hadn't been since dropping off the tracker. With the blessing of original uploader keithdylan this is a remaster of his original recording, which suffered from a number of glitches, particularly at the start and end. It was also released for burning to CD. Now the recording is completely seamless. If you downloaded the original torrent (which I don't think many of you did given how hard it was to track down a recording of this show), this will be an upgrade. If you haven't heard this recording before and you're an R.E.M. fan, you must listen to this one, if just for Michael's stories during the encore. Enjoy!

http://remtimeline.com/ for all your R.E.M. setlist needs!


































Disc 5:






