R.E.M. 

The Complete Green Demos UPGRADE
John Keane's Studios, Athens, GA / Bearsville Studios, NY 
1988 

Contents: 

01 Pop Hit 89 (Pop Song 89) 
02 Orange Crush 
03 Get Up (instrumental) 
04 I Remember California 
05 Untitled Instrumental 1 
06 Title (instrumental) 
07 Hairshirt (instrumental) 
08 Untitled Instrumental 2 
09 Stand  (slower)
10 You Are The Everything (early version with bass, additional backing vocals) 
11 The Wrong Child (instrumental)
12) Untitled Instrumental 3
13) Untitled Instrumental 4
14) Get Up (vocal)
15) See No Evil


This was originally offered up on STG last summer and earlier this year on here. The following are quotes 
from the original info file that went with that; 

"This boot has an interesting story behind it. I used to go every month, religiously, to a record show at 
the Holiday Inn in Hillside, IL back in the mid-90s. Usually it would be the same pile of crap at every dealer, 
with the odd surprise find every now and then. This was one of them. 

An elderly lady was minding her son's table, whereby he had about a half-dozen cassettes in a box amongst 
the Zeppelin bootlegs he was selling. I was quite surprised to see a cassette labeled "Green demos" amongst 
the crap he had, and for $2.00, snapped it up. I normally didn't buy bootleg tapes but from the tracklisting 
I could tell this was something special. I never did meet the guy whose table it was, so I was never able 
to confirm lineage or the source. 

This tape not only contained all the previously-known Green demos floating about on various bootlegs, but it 
ALSO had 3 additional songs that I do not believe EVER appeared on any boots. In fact I don't think that prior 
to me trading this tape, these three tracks were known amongst collectors to exist as "Green demos". 

The three songs are: 
09 - The Wrong Child (instrumental) --- much longer than Green version 
10 - Get Up (Vocal) --- partially written lyric, with music boxes but different musical backing tracks 
14 - Stand --- no wah-wah guitar solo, different musical backing tracks 

I confirmed the above with Todd Ploharski, owner of Athens, GA's Low Yo Yo record store and one of the scene's 
biggest REM collectors. If it existed in the REM trader/collector universe, Todd knew about it (if he didn't 
actually have it himself). He'd never seen these three songs out there anywhere. 

I suspect this originated with either a band member late in the Bearsville sessions or a Bearsville studio staff 
person because of the development stages of the songs (i.e. the music boxes on "Get Up" - the idea came in a dream 
Bill Berry had late in the day while the band were recording at Bearsville, and the previously-leaked instrumental 
demo does not have the music box interlude). If the newly-discovered songs were simply tacked on the end of a tape 
of previously-leaked demos that would be one thing - but since they were interspersed amongst the others I think 
this is a different source altogether than the one used to seed all the boots containing Green demos ("Sleeping 
Songs", "Archival Footage", etc...). Furthermore the 4 unreleased instrumental tracks are FAR better quality here 
than any of the pre-existing bootleg releases. 

If any of you were part of the REM Trade Ring in 1999 or so and got these there, I was the source for that. This is 
from the original CD-R I made for that." 

NOW.....

The fact is, I know the "elderly lady and her son" who were at the Hillside show that day, and 
the copy that was sold originated with ME! I traded him a copy not long after I got it, which 
was like 1990 or so. I got it from a guy I knew from Wisconsin who used to come up with amazing
REM stuff. 

I mentioned this tape in the original STG comments, and was beseeched by requests to seed it, 
but didn't know how to do it at the time. 

This is at least two generations up from the previously seeded versions of this. It 
should be an upgrade to everyone who snagged the one before. The track order is also slightly
different. My original tape had one track repeated twice (track 12 instrumental). My tape also had 
"See No Evil" tacked on the end, but I don't know if it was part of the original demos or not. 

Enjoy! Keep your windows open, too!

cass (VERY low gen)/hard drive (sound forge)>flac level 8

Fingerprints have seperate file! 

Merry Christmas!
