Squarepusher
170 Russell
Melbourne, Australia
June 6, 2023

Support: Matt Radovich (DJ set) (taped)

Taped by Claire Laura Fredriksson (CLF, choc e_Claire, fuzzbluerain, etc.)
Specs: Zoom H1n internal mics, bass rolloff @ 80hz, tucked into shirt collar
Position: centre, two metres back from steps onto dancefloor, about 20m from barrier
Lineage: 24/48 .wav > DarkAudacity (fades, tracking) > TLH (level 8 FLAC) > foobar2000 (tagging)

Track "listing":
 1. [intro]     1:03
 2.             5:24
 3.             7:44
 4.             5:39
 5.             6:08
 6.             5:44
 7.             7:11
 8.            26:42
 9.             7:42
10.             8:26
    [encore]
11.             9:53
--------------------
    total    1:31:35

Review:
Tom "Squarepusher" Jenkinson, the jazz virtuoso of the 90s Warp Records set, making a rare return
to Australia? Absolutely on my list of things to go to, but out of my budget - thank you, thank
you, *thank you* to my friend Jacob for passing on his friend's unusable ticket to me, I'm truly
forever grateful.

The show came between arts festival dates at Vivid in Sydney and Dark Mofo in Hobart, with
Melbourne being positioned in the middle both geographically and chronologically. 170 Russell is
not a venue I've been to before, but is a little black box in the middle of the CBD - you can
probably guess where exactly. Made it in, set myself up, prepared to be blown away.

For posterity - the first half hour on this tape is less than ideal, there are a surprising number
of talkers around me. In particular, a middle-aged couple who reeked of the smell of marijuana and
spent a lot of time talking about god-knows-what and kissing each other, about a foot in front of
me. And let's not get to the dance moves that kept pushing in on my space (I think you can hear the
girl talk at me at one point early on; if you can figure out what she said good luck, I had
earplugs in). At the start of about track 6, I ended up getting (softly) hit in the face by weed
dude's back, when Jacob thankfully stepped in and swapped around with me. The tape is better from
there, and honestly pretty great.

Which is a good thing, because this is about the most mental show I've ever seen. Those familiar
with Squarepusher's work will know that the bass part of his drum 'n' bass music is often literal
and physical. He spent two-thirds of the show wielding a six-string electric bass hooked up to a
giddying array of effects pedals, synchronising it with meticulously programmed drums that he was
triggering live; the effect is some of the craziest music on the planet and with sensory overload
lighting to match (that I don't have any record of; during the opening act's DJ set a security
guard told me 'no recording' when I tried to take a brief phone video...didn't want to risk them
finding the real prize). There were definitely specific songs going on, but I don't have a clue at
what they actually were; I've tracked this bootleg by sections where there was a pause in the music
for applause. Track 8 is the only one where the show is purely electronic; the beats got too dense
for Squarepusher to keep track of while holding an instrument and he has to get purely in the zone
(although it's still, to the best of my knowledge, being done live with original music). A
sensational performance and one of my proudest pulls, despite everything. And I did it effectively
for free!

Requests:
Please don't sell this - nobody, tapers or artists, will like you if you do.
Please keep this info file around if you post it anywhere else (which you're welcome to do!)
If you give this recording a remaster/matrix treatment, please message me before you do so.
I can be reached on Twitter (fuzzybluerain) or Dimeadozen (fuzzbluerain) most easily.